Watch us play...for likes. email for the link. %100 free full length pleasure for you.You were at the bar of Sel de mer Sunday night, and I came in with friends who after you left said you were "checking me out" haha
Anyways, i should've said hi... 
hopefully I see you in the neighborhood again..We worked a gig last night. Me in black, so were you.
I think you're a stud, but I don't find it easy to approach you.
We crossed paths a few times last night.
I'd like to get to know you, but I have no expectations as you
might as well be a straight guy...
Anyway, I hope I get lucky with you! ; )We worked together for a bit last week. You were incredibly cute and had this amazing air of confidence about you. I meant to ask for your number afterwards, but the circumstances were less than ideal (a bit to my surprise). If you're out there, describe yourself a bit to me, and I'll reply in kind. I'm sure we both have some stories we'd love to share.Looking for Harry. I lived off Hylan (you did too in a basement apt) in GK, its been 15 yrs. Hope you see this would be nice to talk after all these years...maybe more? :-)If you are the poster of this ad please get back to me. I think we might have a lot in common.
 Looking for Lust and Passion - w4m - 42 (Roslyn Heights) 
Looking for lust and for the passion that has been missing from my sexual relationship. I need to feel it again. Let's explore each other's bodies. Not looking to change my situation or add drama to my life. I need a grownup man... 
 Let's have fun...
 Discretion is a must.I saw you on your way home from work last night. I hoped to see you on the way to work this morning, and I did. Actually, I usually see you on the way to work. I wanted to say hello this morning, and I stupidly smiled at you wanting you to smile back. You looked at me in acknowledgement but that seemed about it. I will have to talk to you the next time I see you and tell you how cute you look in that hat you were wearing.Saturday
I was the girl with the three foot long santa hat who yelled "Hey, you wanna make out?" 
and you were Eric and said, "Me? Sure!"
Thanks for going along with it! It might ruin the perfect moment of spontaneity but I wouldn't hate getting to know you better because you were sweet and very cute. 
If you remember this, I don't know, reply with my name or with what my friends were eating or something to prove you're the guy. Merry Santa Con!!Participate in our PrEP study and receive $40. See if you're eligible:     cunyhart.org/surveyHey - we talked briefly this morning, I asked what the deal was with the L. You said you'd been waiting for 15 minutes. We both walked out of the station at the same time. You had blue-frame glasses, blonde hair pulled back. I wish we'd talked more, it seemed like we both wanted to. If you see this, email me. I was the guy in the blue hat and peacoat.I doubt we'd ever go on a date or whatever these missed connections usually go for, but I thought you were beyond adorable.  I think you got off at 168th? Don't remember. You--drunk? happy?--put music on your phone and were pole-dancing and shaking your butt. I think you noticed me staring at you a couple times, but I have a weakness for white-boy dance moves. You ended up sitting near me after a bit and I was going to compliment your groove, but I was sick and felt gross and didn't want to engage in conversation.
Anyway, you're a babe. G'wan with yourself.I don't know that this was meant for me, but this sounds familiar. maybe you can reply with an initial? 
I thought things were as clear as they could have been in the "saying without saying" it kind of way. which is not really my style, but considering the messiness and complicated nature of recent events, its the most direct I felt it appropriate to be without overstepping any boundaries. If this is who I think it is we have clearly had an undeniable chemistry between us for months now. You being in a relationship, albeit an apparently unhappy one, is why i try to ignore my feelings and remain aloof, hence my being "hard to read." Although everyone else around it seems to notice the tension between us because it has been brought up to me a half dozen times, at least.We met off CL two years ago, briefly went  to a bar for a couple drinks and went back to an Econo Lodge for some rough sex. You picked up a 6 pk of beer for a specific reason. If you're having the same marital issues as we were before, then hopefully we can reconnect. I'm still sexless and still hungry for a nice thick cock!This section never works for me. But, I thought I'd give it a shot. You were taking a class Monday evening, with a work group. I was the teacher/facilitator.  Was hoping there may have been some mutual interest? If you check this out, tell me where you work? And, your name starts with J...I just want you to know that I didn't block you out of spite. I was about to write  back to you but next thing i knew our conversation history was gone. I was in the crowded subway, so the connection was bad as well.It's probably better off this way anyway, though.You pulled over after the last stop
Me-younger guy, married 27 Italian 
You around the same
We jacked each other off looking at porn on my iPhone 
You wanted a bj but I was too nervous
Sorry about getting it on your MTA jacket lol
When can we do this again? You were a substitute driver and I've not seen you since
NickOr stream live at mrmanhattanshow.com
...................
........................You have a full beard, jeans, was sitting on a bench on the L train I sat next to you on the crowded train. We were delayed for awhile. Our legs first started brushing against each other until they were always touching. Our shoulders were rubbing against each other too. You started reading a book at some point, I pulled out my iPhone. I was holding my hat, gloves in my lap. Message me, I'm game for a lot more than rubbing.Your name is Zachary.
You rolled the giant ball my way. I was the one looking for the narwhal toy with my friend. You had such gorgeous blue eyes. I tried to find you later, but you were nowhere to be found. But I'm looking. :)
For the record...you were right. There was no Narwhal toy. But I made it work.I miss your smell. 
I miss your taste. 
I miss your voice. 
I miss your face. 
I miss your hands 
And your embrace.My post read
Older female with young soul looking for younger man with old (er) soul. You responded yesterday and I trashed you, by mistake. Please email me.hi I am 55 years old man looking for some love.  I want to be fuck good. i want to be suck good . i like to fuck you in the ass and your pussy. i wont you to tell me what you will do to me .  i  am looking for a china girl. about from 5'  4   to 5 '  7    must be around the age of 20 - 30   i have no s t d sI was on my way out of Morgan station and you were on your way in.  We made quick eye contact as we passed by each other and that was it.  You had long straight brown hair and a long red coat and were gorgeous as can be on a Wednesday at 6am; and so confident.  I live in the hood so maybe I'll see you again, if not this will just be another NYC missed connection ;)I saw you at the Shady Lady on Thursday night, December 5th, when I went to meet some friends of mine.  I couldn't keep my eyes from you as you sat there with your friend only a few feet away.  I loved the way you kept brushing your hair from your face.  If only I had said hello, but I did not want to disturb you and your friend's conversation.  We were actually drinking the same thing, so if you just so happen to read this, and want to get together for a drink, let me know what we were drinking so I know it's you.Everyone loves uniquely. Love has all different forms of expressions.
To define love is incomplete of the one you are truly meant to keep. So to all who have ever second guessed love. Have a specific special checklist of what it is. 
Think of the beautiful moments of just looking next to the one you love or care for tonite or anytime. Its peaceful balanced tranquil and mindblowing without barriers or secrets. But just embracing every second of the essence. Of how true and beautiful that soul really is. To strive to build a foundation of balance as one. Embark on and protect of all of his or her hugs.To me, I believe in that love. I hope we all find that. Til then many hugs.I meet a girl on black planet her profile name was Chiquita banana when I met her she had two tattoos of butterflies one on her tigh I believe and one on her lower back it has been years and we met once she came to far rockaway to see me she also was going away to college at tht time I was also in the wheelchair when we met n I did some things to her she really liked contact me back cuz I miss uYour voice pulled me out of my exhausted yet enchanted reverie on the base notes of beet pollen and immortality...a double shift at work caused my lack of focus and unwillingness to further the conversation on our literary treasures, you- A Tale of Two Cities and I- Jitterbug Perfume.  If you would like to deepen said conversation please e-mail me.Laurie-you just left my bar. You were a beautiful blonde from Texas who played soccer at UConn. I was the bartender who couldn't keep my eyes off of you. I know you're only in town a couple more days, but I'd love to have coffee or a drink. Tell me who you're staying with in the city...hope this long-shot pays off!Hey we are two Latina. Looking for fun n money
1 one milliz 
2 one jen
Want fun tonight suck dick pussy 347eating evething just call520 or if u want single se' 5429also sso that but hurry pussy wet but if ur money good like ma pussy hallaI developed a little boyish crush whilst kicking back brews tonight with you behind the bar. I know you were probably just being personable and friendly, but somehow I can't stop thinking if you felt a connection beyond that. I was the white guy chilling with the gay black dude. If nothing more, I'd just like to kick it sometime.I wasn't sure what impression I left you with when we last saw each other. I didn't want any rumors starting.
I do believe you propositioned me earlier that night but I didn't catch onto it until after I thought more about what you had said.... subtle but I think you might have been making an offer at the same time.
Strange part is I never would have guessed you were interested, you're very hard to read. Just wondering when that interest started?as we walked on Broadway past 116th St. It's fox, most probably. And it's not Russian, but that's a secret. What's your cat's name?, I didn't get to ask. As we parted and I went to the pharmacy, I was sorry you didn't ask me to go for a tea. So here I am asking it now: Would you like to go for a drink?VGL guy in fitted grey pants on train this morning
black/grey jacket from north face i think, wool hat and boots
you got on the train and we locked eyes for a bit but you seemed uncomfortable. sorry for staring but thought you were vgl
you checked back at least three times before shifting over to other end where there was more free space and got off at 42nd street.
you are really hot bro 
hit me back if you see thisWe rode from Lorimer at about 1:15am on Tues night. You got off at flushing. You sang songs with your guy friend to your mutual girl friend. At a couple points you made me the audience/subject of your soliloquies. And it was pretty adorable. While both of you were cute, I was drawn to you who had no dreads. What were you wearing? (Just so I know it's you)U were in free weight roomnext to me n we caught glaces a few times. U were very cute and had short hair . Doubt.u.look at this but maby u were looking for me. I had a baeball hat on.and tell me something els about me.or a pic. I ddont talk to.ppl.at the gym but for.u.I wish I did.I used to love their pizza.  Does anyone here know where they relocated? If so, please email me and let me know.  I am also single and looking.  If you do not know where they relocated please do not email me, you will be ignored.Hi you work at riteaid in Richmondhill close to lefferts Blvd. I have a big crush on you & I want to give u some great head.  I'm Indian you're black & we r both from Guyana. Your initials are "JC". If u happen to read this let's chat.I seen you. !!!
You seen me wish we would have spoken
Hicksville Hyundai
Harley Davidsonyou were on the 2 train Tuesday afternoon.  it took me a while but then i noticed your gaze.  why were you hiding?
maybe you just like to look or maybe already involved but i wish you had said hi.  i wish i had said it.
you're gorgeous.  tan jacket, long dreads, black man, medium height and got off at allerton or burke.  my hair was in a bun and darn, i had my headphones on...you worked there.  Latino young guy.  I was there with a male older family member purchasing video games for xmas gifts.  What game did you recommend me to get for ps3?You had on green pants and was talking to your friend. You were talking about paying your loan and also your two year plan or something like that. Anyway, I kept looking at you then turning away. Didn't want you to see me staring. Well if you see this post, feel free to replay...maybe we can be friends or something..
Also, if you remember, tell me something I was wearing so i know its you.We sat next to each other on the 3 train uptown today around 1pm. We made eye contact several times and you were interested. You gave money to the men singing xmas songs. I got off at 14th st in the west village. I looked at you before I left. Drove me crazy all day.It may have been the 4 train, don't quite truly remember, but I impolitely shoved passed you, cause I felt you were blocking the doorway. ( HUGE PET PEEVE OF MINE) But that does not excuse my animal behavior. You did not deserve to be treated in that manner and no excuse I could provide, could justify my behavior. Just want to say, I'm sorry. ☹ ✌You probably won't see this, but I have to give it a try anyway. I was on the 4 train when you boarded. You stood over me checking out the map, then noticed me. We smiled at each other and I must say, you have a beautiful smile. As the train entered the station at 14th St, I stood up and I said something to you. If you see this, what did I say? I wish I had asked for your name and number though.Last year we hung out near the back of the theater at MSG.  I shared my disco beverage with you and we danced til dawn.
I don't remember your names but I do remember that you were both teachers in Central/South America and you were hitting up both the Phish and Bisco shows.
I'd love to cross paths with you two again.  I'll be at Phish until the New Year's gag, then heading downstairs to Bisco before Phish's third set. 
If any of this is familiar and you'll be back in town for the festivities, let me know.You came into my store today and were shocked that I remembered your name from the last time you had stopped in. I sputtered something about being good with names, but really I just thought you were incredibly cute.
I wish I had a chance to talk to you more. I'm leaving that job at the end of the holiday season, so it's a long shot that out paths will ever cross again, but who knows. Would be great to hear from you!We talked shortly before our flight to Puerto Rico arrived. Your a teacher of about 8 kids. My brother with Down syndrome caught your attention . We were supposed to sit together but arrived to Puerto Rico way sooner than expected . Never got your name or number. Will never forget your face or smile. Hope to hear from you!!We've been in each others company a few times the last couple of months..would love to hang out with both of you in a private setting..what do you think? Any interest ?  Let me know if you wanna proceed ...
MDowntown A train from Inwood... You were on your way to a job interview in Brooklyn and I was on my way to an audition in Lincoln Center.  You said I was beautiful and we talked all the way to Columbus Circle. Why didn't you ask for my number?We talked shortly before our flight to Puerto Rico arrived. Your a teacher of about 8 kids. My brother with Down syndrome caught your attention . We were supposed to sit together but arrived to Puerto Rico way sooner than expected . Never got your name or number. Will never forget your face or smile. Hope to hear from you!!and harvest, not garden.
i like you so much.
i know you're busy.  do your schedule.  you're an apple i would wait for.I'm really sorry that I assumed you were working at the store, I thought you were just rearranging the ribbons by color and I was just trying to be friendly when I asked you if that's what you were doing, and if you could help me reach something I could not reach.  I did not mean to be racist, tho I can see how it might be perceived like that.  I was embarrassed when it occurred to me and too cowardly to apologize to you in the moment.  I imagine things like that must be so infuriating and insulting and I'm just really sorry.
Hope you found what you were looking for.  I will try to be more conscientious in the future.  Happy Holidays.We shared a long stare as you got off the N at 36th today...
It was around 8:30 p.m. and I had a black jacket, with the headphones on and white converseWe were both making the floral shop rounds on Monday (12/16) and you told me the name of a particular air plant. You bought it and left before I could work up the nerve to say hi. I hope to run into you again...You told me "5 more minutes and you would've been a lucky guy" as I was leaving the locker room. Hit me up. Let's get luckyyou sat next to me on the bus back to nyc from philly and we talked for a while. i didn't want to presume but hey, let's make some furniture together and be friends. you don't strike me as the type to be into the internet, so i have no idea if you'll see this.hi you were the skinny discharge nurse that helped me with my cat. I think you were Spanish maybe. not to sure    very pretty.    i should have asked you out.    I was the white guy with blue shirtTo the boy with the backpack sitting with his friend in the Vietnamese place on Smith St,
We made eye contact a few times. You were cute. I hope you enjoyed your banh mi.The pics below are of me and are real. Please be fair and respond with the same.Everything for fun)You are the cutest girl I have ever seen. Just wanted you to know. And hello.
...........You were very put together, but seemed a bit morose. We sat across from one another on the train and smiled, a lot... you look better when you smile.You were waiting around with a tan coat, boots and with a shopping bag.  We're both in our mid-late 20s.  A Latin guy went in a booth and grabbed you before I could.  I got to see him milking that huge dick of yours and now I want my turn.  Tell me which booth you were in so we can meet up there again.Caught each other's eye on 6th ave in the 50s tonight around 7:45pm and glanced back at each other. You were tall with dark hair and a long dark coat. I had a backpack and carrying a bag. If this sounds familiar email me back.Downtown D Train, 7pm-ish
Jesus, dude, thanks for unbuttoning your jacket!
Fucking awesome bulge. ;)
I'd apologize for staring, but the only thing I'm sorry about is not getting an opportunity to cop a feel!I was walking down Smith Street saturday afternoon enjoying the snow when you quickly darted in front of me with a very determined look on your cute face. Then I noticed you weren't wearing a jacket! Turned out we were both heading to the same place. Right before we entered I was going to ask you where your jacket was? Right before I opened my mouth the store greeter opened the door and beat me to it, we made eye contact and laughed. I thought you were really cute and was going to chat you up, but you were, rightfully so, consumed about finding a new jacket. 
I left, grabbed a drink with my friend on Court. Later that evening when I was leaving the bar I ran into you walking down Court street. I stopped you and asked you how you were enjoying your new jacket? You were a little confused, said something to me, and kept on walking. It looked like you might have been upset before I approached you. I guess I just wanted to say I thought you were incredible cute. I'm sure you have a boyfriend, not like it matter because I'm sure no one actually reads these things, but I hope to see you around the neighborhood again. Maybe i'll have better luck next time. Hope you're enjoying your new coat; stay warm ;)you were changing next to me in the lockerroom. looks like you just got done boxing around 12pm today. liked those tats. got some of my own. 
was just going to start my workout. you were talking about your triceps. 
hit me up if you see this. very dl here. what was I wearing?We got on the L together at Union Square at about 9:10pm, and you got off at Graham Ave. 
You were wearing an olive green coat and had a brown backpack. I was wearing ridiculous knee socks and reading a book. 
Please get in touch.Your name is Byron and you were riding the uptown D train tonight. You started a convo with me (the red head with red lips) and the 7 year old Jewish boy who doesn't believe in Santa. If you see this, email me- You were pretty cool :)hey
I was wearing a leopard fur jacket, we took the 6 and got off at union square. idk where yall got on but you were hilarious and we should hang out before (if) you leave the city (:You're a tall handsome black guy, have blue and green highlights in your hair.  I always see you coming in and out of the bathroom, jerking off.  You showed me that big thick cock that you were flopping around and I want a taste.  I'm short, relatively scruffy, usually wearing black and I've gotten quite a few of your extended glances.  Let's meet up.About 6:30 tonight. I noticed you noticing me on the Union Square L platform. You were carrying a duffel, wearing glasses, scruffy jeans, and have bright blue eyes. I have long dirty blonde hair and was dressed perfectly for a trek to the North Pole. We waited for three trains to go by before we fit on one. I smiled at you under the East River, but it made you shy.Why is it I can never catch you alone in the elevator?   I know you're married but its obvious your're intrested.   Next time I'm getting off with you (no pun intended).Looking to meet a depression suffering woman to talk to and possibly help one another...
If you are interested..?
Reply with a photo and I will reply with a photo in kind...Sorry I didnt say hi. I thought it would have made you feel uncomfortable under the circumstances; even though I knew you were checking me out.  I was the guy with the brown hair and eyes ordering the ice coffeeSaw you on the A train last saturday around 5 pm and you got off at 14th street. Once i got on the train i was standing next to you. You had long red hair, nose pierced, had on blue and black nike dunks and was carrying a heavy blue and black nike bag. 
I was sooo stunned on how beautiful you are. We made eye contact a bunch of times, but i was too shy to even talk to you. I never seen a more beautiful woman ever and now i wish i said hi at least.
I had on a bubble coat and i have a goatee. Anyways this will never get to you ever but at least i triedi tried to help but should've tried harder (i'm the tall fella) ... you're adorable ;)Around 2:45-3:00pm on a snowy Tuesday. I'm the redhead who was afraid I'd jumped the line. You have a beard and an amazing smile.We kept meeting eyes, but I never got a chance to strike up conversation. You're tall, thin, and have an awesome tattoo on your left shoulder blade. Last time I saw you I was sitting across from you on the ledge of the orange pool.I know it's crazy but it's worth giving it a try...
You are an Argentinian tourist (I forgot your name), I am the italian girl with a pink jacket who took a picture of you in the subway [Fiftythird Street], this afternoon (Tuesday 17 December, more or less at half past three). Then we took the E downtown and talked on the train, but I wasn't fast enough to leave you my contact before going down; you stayed.
Wanted to tell you that i like you and that if you want to grab a drink and walk around the city in these days, I'd love to meet you again! :]I caught you shooting me with your umbrella on the platform at Essex and we laughed for a minute. I had a super long day and my head was a little scattered, but I'd totally like to talk to you again. If you're you, message me with your accent and the stop I got off at! Oh, by the way, your Levi's shirt/jacket was really cute.i am looking for  a half brother of mine i believe his name is alphonso, he was adopted at birth, i know he works/worked a a hairdresser in yonkers at one time, he should be around 40years old now, his birth mother was named Mary, and his adopted father i believe drove or owned a taxi service some where in westchester county, there is one thing that may stand out is that he may have what's a 'claw hand' some kind of deformity to one of his hands i am his brother James and we spoke seveal years ago when i lived in Va, i moved and lost contact would very much like to resume contact, please this a serious message so if you know him, or he himself reads this, lets try to reunite, your brother James HarveyMy friend and I were leaving.  You were with a friend eating. We walked past you.  Very handsome. Not sure if you winked or not.  Would love to chat.  Let's talk!Satisfied with your body? This holiday season, work with a trainer.                                       

GAY GUYS' FITNESS TIP #10 Question:
 What 3 pieces of gym equipment weigh less than 5 pounds AND can dramatically improve your workouts? Answer:
The first is a pocket sized notebook to store and track your progress so that you're not impeding your own progress by repeating the same thing every workout.  For More Info:
For for the second and third pieces of gym equipment that weigh less than 5 pounds and can dramatically improve your workouts, e-mail me.  I'm an experienced and professional personal trainer helping people lose weight and get stronger since 2009.
__________
© 2013 Trainer Nev Fitness.  WARNING & DISCLAIMER: 
1.) Do not follow this or any other fitness advice without prior approval from your doctor. 
2.) If you have or have had any physical/medical/chronic condition that might prevent you from strenuous exercise DO NOT follow this fitness advice. 
3.) By following this fitness advice you affirm and attest that you A.) are capable of performing strenuous exercise and B.) that you indemnify and hold harmless the writer of this fitness advice, Craig's List, and their affiliates from any and all liability.
4.) If at any time you feel any pain, dizziness, or shortness of breath while performing this or any exercise, STOP IMMEDIATELY and seek IMMEDIATE medical attention.We met at this year's santa repelling show. I felt a connection and sadly we did not get enough time. Hopefully you read this and reach out to me. I can't stop thinking about you. And i bought your son cookies. If you get this tell me your sons name.This ad is for you. Remember me. The Venezuelan married man that posted asking for the guy that wanted to suck my dick at Kmart, Metropolitan, Middle Village?. That's right it is me again. I decided to start over again. All started so well, your sparked feelings in me that I didn't even know I still had. Then lies almost destroyed everything, but we went through that and came back victorious. Now all is going wrong again, but it is not your fault, nor mine. Being married limit my availability to meet, and you with your son, work, school etc, don't have the time to make it work either. So here I am posting to ask you: If you still want me in your life, as much as I want you in mine reply to this message with my full name. If you are willing to work harder to make this happen, then reply. And by the way: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN THIS SITE LOOKING FOR MEN?.. LMAO.. I am sorry, I had to do it.. I learned to love you, and I know it is wrong because I am married, but I do. So we will see..After an exchange of the gaze, we spoke briefly in the aromatherapy steam room about massage.  Despite my dehydration and recurring thoughts of imminent death by heat exhaustion, I was into it.  Your sexy accent was necessary.
I could hear it again.It was around 1:30 I saw you in the locker room at the BH Equinox. It was only two of us there and I changed right behind your locker. You were also undressing then. You swung your big black cock and walked naked in the locker room, came back, got dressed and headed to the gym floor. We exchanged glances then. We were also next to each other on the stair master. When we ended working out we met again in the locker room. I was getting dressed, and you were about to hit the showers. Another glance exchange. You left your phone to charge and headed to take a shower. I wanted so much to leave you my number there but I was afraid. Can we meet again? You were the black guy with the beard and gray sweats, also a tank top. You had Nike Free sneakers. If you read this please respond to this and let's get to know each other.You were: law student in seat 32F
I was: scientist in 32E
Flight earlier today, SFO to JFK.
As soon as I left your polite conversation, I regretted not asking you to a dinner over the winter holiday.  I would like to rectify that while you're in Manhattan.  No pressure, just coffee/dinner/beer, your choice.Beautiful girl listening to your iPhone. You got on at the White Plains station and sat in front of me a row. Looked like you were trying to get a nap in and also had a gold ring on your left ring finger... loved ur rubber boots. Lets grab a drink or coffee sometime.Don't know if you remember me. . . we met backstage, you showed off your nipple tattoos. . . now they're burned into my infinite memory like lopsided rainbows. 
I presume all the stacks of $$$ assault rifles & crystal powder blinded your judgment BUT it's not O-K to dose me with liquid nitrous.
Also you are probably the most beautiful girl I've ever met, next to my boyfriend Jean Claude. I wish you had a penis. Chicks with dicks are the new Ferraris.
XXXOYou had long brown hair, were slender, had a brown bag, wore boots and were listening to sony headphones.  You were standing holding the center pole near the doors, I was standing near you holding a bar.  I think we noticed each other; let me know if you'd like to get coffee or a drink sometime.I am looking for a my friend  andy. I lost contact many years ago and  would like to find. He worked before at 801 flushing av on the crown fried chicken, and I think the  country is india. please if anyone knows any in formation of these descriptions please contac me. I will be very grateful to you. I have many years looking for this friends and dont know how to find . Thanks to all ;0(I am looking for a my friend  andy. I lost contact many years ago and  would like to find. He worked before at 801 flushing av on the crown fried chicken, and I think the  country is india. please if anyone knows any in formation of these descriptions please contac me. I will be very grateful to you. I have many years looking for this friends and dont know how to find . Thanks to all ;0(Saw you this afternoon in sauna and steam room. Have seen you before. Wanted to...but got a bit nervous. Hope to see you again. You have a great body.These women go to their jobs 
Rubbing down men needing a fix 
$60 for the house 
The women get what the men dole out 
Men want a rub down and a soft touch 
Translation = a hand job with some massage 
It fills a need for both 
The yin yang of urgent desire 
Everyone needs to make money 
Everyone needs pleasure 
But what about these women 
Who are they really ? 
They are like anyone else 
Making a living 
Shopping for food, providing for family 
Jerking off men and riding the train homeYou were wearing sweatpants and eating a turkey leg in front the Rockefeller Xmas Tree. It mesmerized me. You're about 5'3, 300lbs, bald and you had an eyepatch. I liked that that you just stood looking at the tree and would not get out the way of people who were trying to get by. 
Would love to get to know you. Write back.Christopher- We have talked for a long time, but not much recently, so I was wondering what happened to you and if you were okay.
If you see this post, tell me what you call me, so I know it's you.At 3:40 this afternoon I fell deeply and irretrievably in love with a young lady I met at the 23rd and Broadway subway station, N & R downtown. Together we jumped the turnstile. Her face was covered completely by a scarf. She had a voice and eyes that rang with fire and laughter (and a grey coat and white leggings). And her name was Esther. Maybe she was heading to...NYU? Brooklyn? If you are inspired by alliterative coupling, please help me find my mysterious Esther Chester.
~ s. chesterOR STREAM LIVE AT 10pm at mrmanhattanshow.com
....................
...............................To the beautiful woman who asked me if I was cold today. My apologies for not having the courage to speaking to you more or trying to exchange a number, but you made my day and wish I could see you again. If its meant to be, maybe we will, but hopefully you may see this and your smile will continue to shine to all..I 'm looking to meet someone a woman tonight
have a drink and have the greatest massage ever tonight
Send me you number for quick reply...You're the super cute guy w/ brown hair, tats, and generic brooklyn flannel. Love your smile and small talk. I was speechless when I first saw you and couldn't even muster what to order.
This is so silly, but I always walk past konditori on my way to the trains to see if you're there. Next time when I'm not in a rush, I'll come in, see you...... and flirt back?
Ps - i'm confident you'd be attracted to me as well.I don't know anything about you except your face, that I'll never forget. You have such a timeless beauty that I was a little fixated and did the whole double take staring thing trying to telegraph my interest with my eyes. I promise I would have talked to you if I didn't have to get off at W4, just one stop from Broadway/Lafayette where you and your friend and I got on. If there's any chance you see this I'd really like to know more about you...you helped me fix my ailing iphone with such finesse, you were from the bay area and now live in bushwick. i really like your crown tattoo. i was having a lovely time and wanted to ask you to hang out, but i chickened out. snow check?A great marriage and all that comes with it.Sorry for being pushy I did not realize.You were my cashier around 415pm today December 17th. We have met a few times and I always walk away with out asking for your number. We talked about you walking all the way home in the snow and that you needed attention and texts and love..I would totally be up for that. I hope you see this!the Astoria psychics can help find the one you belong with we have a history of helping others live a happy life with their significant other if you want to know if they are the THE ONE you can find out today! come to 3118 broadway astoria queens 11106you helped me fix my ailing iphone with such finesse, you were from the bay area and now live in bushwick. i really like your crown tattoo. i was having a lovely time and wanted to ask you to hang out, but i chickened out. snow check?I am looking for a guy by the initials of JMC.  I really don't know what to put here, I read the other ads but I am not looking for a hookup or someone I just saw.  I am looking for someone who just sorta kinda dropped out of my life.  A friend suggest this and I never knew this missed connection thing existed so maybe you don't even know it exists, though I hope you do. I am trying both cities that you come from or were last in.  If your are JMC then you will know "elephant shoes".   I just want to say I miss you J.  I really do.  I don't know what ever happened between us and how we lost contact.  I just want to talk to you and work out the problems we had and whatever caused you to drop off the face of the earth.  I want and need you back in my life and it has been too long since we spoke.  Just give it a chance for us to talk and at least become friends again.  If you are JMC you will know "To Beautiful For Words".  You will also know that Oct 19th and Nov 1st has a special meaning.  I never used this before and I hope this works to get in contact with you.It is not for print but rather for bodyscape drawings. Experience not needed, all limits respected, age not important but over 20. please send photos and rates.We started in the steam room and then moved to the sauna. You wanted me to follow you to the shower, but there were too many people. Let me know if this is you, I'm dying to get my mouth on that thick cock.Apox 2pm..gulf mini mart..You were getting change for air, you let me make my purhase before you. Touch my shoulder. Would LOVE to meet up.
Let me know...what color your eyes are..belive me I remember.I saw you driving around glen cove,
Beautiful girl with a Mini Cooper
If you read this, please e-mail me  with the color of your Mini so I'll know it is you
I would love to know you.... see you soonI saw you driving around glen cove,
Beautiful girl with a Mini Cooper
If you read this, please e-mail me  with the color of your Mini so I'll know it is you
I would love to know you.... see you soonWith tiny head, you know who you are. Saw you today in building lobby on 70th street, wanted to ask you to coffee but got cold feet. Offers on the table!I saw you on Centre StreetI had boxes...  How crazy would it be if you actually saw thisI use to meet at the Hollywood motel a few years ago and was wondering if anyone still remembers. I always had a fun time so please leave some details of our encounter, SuzyWe rode the elevator down today. You had on sexy boots that you were about to go out into the weather with. Thought I'd give this is a chance since I was so attracted to you. Just tell me where we were...We both got on the Brooklyn-bound F train at 34th Street last Monday (December 9th) around 6 PM. You said hi and asked me how my day was. I replied and asked the same to you, you said "productive". You got off at West 4th Street. I've regretted not following you and asking you out for a drink for a week.
Me: White, 5'10", grey coat.
You: Asian, around my height, glasses, black coat.YOU GIVING SAMPLES OF WINE OUT....LIVED IN SMITHTOWN......SHOULD OF ASKED FOR YOUR NUMBER....I was the white boy in a light blue tank top black shorts and vibrams. You was sitting on the bench and chatted me up. I thought u were so sexy but was too chicken to get your number. Hit me up here if u wanna get coffee this week while I'm in town.we were having a lovely conversation on omegle and i was enjoying your company. our chat cut out but i would love to keep talking. I hope you keep singing and smiling and enjoy your winter break!Hi
To all ladies out there, Are you looking for a friend to talk to? 
With no strings attached, Just someone you can share your troubles with!
No looking for Sex, No dirty talk, No photos of any kind to share!
You may have some personal problem or need advise to a troublesome situation?
Well God knows we all need someone we can share our concerns with, and know it will be kept safe without looking over your shoulder.
You never have to say anything you don't want to, it's your life: 
What makes you feel comfortable?
TEXT
EMAIL
REPLY WITH WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND AND I'LL SET UP YOU FOR A SESSION THAT FITS YOUR CONCERNS!
GOD BLESS.I was standing on the train door (Green jacket)
You were tall and had on a blue scarf reading on a kindle, maybe.
You smiled at me when i looked at you and i smiled back.
You made me feel something i never felt before :)
Hope you see this cause i would love to talk to you.You and I went thru security together. We shared a couple minutes of conversation. I was traveling to charlotte and you were traveling to Atlanta and then to Arkansas. I recall you were traveling for business and looked like you were carrying blueprints. You were very friendly and I would like to know more about you. Hopefully you know about missed connections and will read this. I said a specific thing about an article of your clothes... Please tell me what I said so I can tell if it is you.We both got on at grand central around 7:20 pm - you had obviously been shopping and had two Lord & Taylor bags.  I got off at 40th Street but you stayed on.  Would love to meet you for a drink as I could not keep my eyes off you.Looking for lust and for the passion that has been missing from my sexual relationship. I need to feel it again. Let's explore each other's bodies. Not looking to change my situation or add drama to my life. I need a grownup man...   
Let's have fun...
Discretion is a must.You and I went thru security together. We shared a couple minutes of conversation. I was traveling to charlotte and you were traveling to Atlanta and then to Arkansas. I recall you were traveling for business and looked like you were carrying blueprints. You were very friendly and I would like to know more about you. Hopefully you know about missed connections and will read this. I said a specific thing about an article of your clothes... Please tell me what I said so I can tell if it is you.I saw you working out between 11am-12 noon today, then saw more of you in the locker room.  You came out of the showers with a towel falling off of you, then proceeded to give me a little show.  Your ass is rocking and you have the best chest I have ever seen.  You are short, have dark hair and an amazing body.  Probably around 20 years old.  Would love to see more of you up close.So I called me to install your tv on the wall and we start chatting. U said u always was curious about having fun with a mix athletic guy. If youbate reading this. Get back ate so we can continue our conversation.. what was I wearingSaw you on the train this morning decked out head to toe in Thom Browne, you are very cute.....someone is spreading holiday cheer in the form of startlingly nice compliments scribbled on the corners of con edison bills. it warms the heart on this snowy winter day. if this is you, and you handed me a note on the N train earlier today, just know that i'm very grateful! i'm pretty proud of my sweet beard, to be honest, and so i thank you for the positive reinforcement! if only you'd written your # down on that note too... because i think you're quite beautiful, and i liked your purple hat. contact me if you'd like to swap compliments over coffee some time.This is a long shot but we met this morning around 9:15-9:30am in the sauna and exchanged a few glances and eventually a few smiles while you and I both changed.
It seemed like you were waiting for me to get dressed and I went outside to catch up with you but you were already gone. 
I'd love to meet up with you again, preferably outside of the gym. If you see this lemme know what color jeans & shirt i was wearing!!!Saw you on the secuirity line.  You had shoulder length hair and long light colored top coat on the security line.  You were focused on your PDA, so not sure you noticed me checking you out.  Drinks? Dinner? Road fun?We chatted today while I was looking in the aisle you were working in, you have such a beautiful smile and bubbly personality!...You were wearing gloves so I couldn't tell if you were wearing a ring or not. But you have an incredible smile and I'd love to know more about you if you're available!.....The only way to weed out phony responses is for you to respond back with your name.....we spoke about it because its unique!We both got on a a crowded uptown train from 14 union square. You got off at Grand Central and I said have a good day as you left. You gave me a big smile. Hope we can connectWhen i'm in town, I see you on Sundays. We are friendly to one another. I am attached, but you make me smile.We made eye contact on the E Train platform (at least I thought so). You are the most beautiful woman I have seen.  You had freckles and seemed like the kind of woman I would like to know.  I am sure you would like me.  If you see this then say hi, not much to lose.We locked eyes around 42nd st and the crowd pushed you in so that you ended up hovering right above my seat. I wanted to say something, anything really, but didn't. Too crowded, too weird. We both got off at the next stop 53rd and Lexington and you disappeared into the sea of commuters. I think I spotted you turning down 55th but i'm not really sure. You had on some duck boots w/ high white socks and had the prettiest set of blue eyes i've ever seen. Swooooooon.I used to love their pizza.  Does anyone here know where they relocated? If so, please email me and let me know.  I am also single and looking.  If you do not know where they relocated please do not email me, you will be ignored.We go to the same gym but haven't seen each other in some time. Ran into each other on Friday night in the lobby. I didn't recognize you at first, but you smiled and we struck up a conversation in the elevator on the way out. We walked and talked for a short time on our way home. It was nice seeing you again.Extremely open minded to music and would like to trade songs back and forth to have a more fun day than the usual day. You go first.You are beyond adorable with that long neck and that cat's eye makeup. My god, your lipstick looked like you had been drinking fruit punch and I almost lost my cool.I know this is probably crazy and chances to be read by the right person are slim to none but I had to try it.
 Ramona (Carmen) Matache Costache (in her 50's now )

Looking for info/whereabouts of my High School (Branesti/Romania) girlfriend who, last time I've heard is/was in NYC or one of the 5 boroughs. She came in USA in the 70's? (at her mother) not long after finishing H.S. and I got married, moved to France and lost any connection. .
Appreciate any info from anybody she ever met,  friends, work colleagues etc OR, at least contact her and tell her or forward this message if you know her email address.
Vicky Meunier from France is trying to get in touch with her
Many thanks for your cooperation; keep my fingers crossed !You told me that you wanted to have serious direction, from a well respected CEO. I offered my services, without charge; despite overwhelming credentials. You are a non-profit, in need of senior management; decreasing budget. I can fill the gap.This is a one in a million chance but here it goes.
On Sunday, October 20th around 1:30 to 2:30 PM we passed each other in Central Park (5th ave between 66th and 67th street).  You are a beautiful, tall, blonde hair (approx 5'9''), wearing a grey winter hat with a long grayish winter coat.
You were walking with a friend or relative who was wearing a backpack at the time.  (I do not believe it was your boyfriend). I walked back to try to find you but you were gone. 
I was wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt and jeans.
The biggest regret of my life was not to say hi and introduce myself at that exact moment. It would be an even bigger regret if I did not at least try and see if this ad works.
You had such a beautiful smile.  It would be truly amazing to meet you.I've never done something like this before but here it goes...
On Sunday, October 20th, 2013 around 1:30 to 2:30 PM we passed each other in Central Park (5th ave side between 66th and 67th street).  
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
You are tall, blonde hair (approx 5'9''- 5,11''), wearing a grey winter hat with a long grayish winter coat.
You were walking with a friend or relative who was wearing a backpack at the time.  (I do not believe it was your boyfriend). I walked back to try to find you but you were gone. 
I was wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt and jeans.
The biggest regret of my life was not to say hi and introduce myself at that exact moment. It would be an even bigger regret if I did not at least try and see if this ad works.
I don't have the best memory but I can remember everything about that moment.  I hope this works.This is a one in a million chance but here it goes.
On Sunday, October 20th around 1:30 to 2:30 PM we passed each other in Central Park (5th ave between 66th and 67th street).  You are a beautiful, tall, blonde hair (approx 5'9''), wearing a grey winter hat with a long grayish winter coat.
You were walking with a friend or relative who was wearing a backpack at the time.  (I do not believe it was your boyfriend). I walked back to try to find you but you were gone. 
I was wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt and jeans.
The biggest regret of my life was not to say hi and introduce myself at that exact moment. It would be an even bigger regret if I did not at least try and see if this ad works.
You had such a beautiful smile.  It would be truly amazing to meet you.This is a one in a million chance but here it goes.
On Sunday, October 20th around 1:30 to 2:30 PM we passed each other in Central Park (5th ave between 66th and 67th street).  You are a beautiful, tall, blonde hair (approx 5'9''), wearing a grey winter hat with a long grayish winter coat.
You were walking with a friend or relative who was wearing a backpack at the time.  (I do not believe it was your boyfriend). I walked back to try to find you but you were gone. 
I was wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt and jeans.
It was a big regret not to say hi and introduce myself. At the very least, I can see if the ad works.
It would be a true miracle if you were able to see this.This is a one in a million chance but here it goes.
On Sunday, October 20th around 1:30 to 2:30 PM we passed each other in Central Park (5th ave between 66th and 67th street).  You are a beautiful, tall, blonde hair (approx 5'9'' to 5'11''), wearing a grey winter hat with a long grayish winter coat.  
You were walking with a friend or relative who was wearing a backpack at the time.  (I do not believe it was your boyfriend). I walked back to try to find you but you were gone. 
I was wearing sunglasses, a grey hooded sweatshirt and jeans.
It would be great to meet you. I truly hope you see this.I'd love to meet the woman this woman...
Her AM profile follows:
Looking for something that has been missing from my life for way too long. 
I need to start off slow.
I've never done this before but I am excited about all the adventures we can have together.
Looking for someone who wants to try some new things, have a lot of laughs and hopefully a good time.
Just looking for a man to have some fun with. 
Not looking to change my situation or add any additional drama to my or your life. 
Discretion is a must. I need a grownup play date.
Hopefully you'll see this and reply...
I think you're my perfect match!!!Just now,  9 AM, at Kahve, 9th btw 51/52.  Two of you under 30. One gorgeous white guy, one exquisite Asian, at the front of shop having whatever. How many fantasies did you launch? Mine is that you met last eve and spent the night making love with your beautiful bodies and souls. I see you treasuring each other with the white boy dominating the Asian (porcelain!) but gently. For today at least, you are our perfect beings. I suspect you will part in a few minutes, perhaps forever. That's the heart of romanticism, I suppose. Thanks.Locked eyes with you this morning more than once.
You have great hair.
And what i could see was a really cute dress peaking out from the bottom of your coat.
You looked tired but are beautiful with hardly any makeup on at all.
You got off at 23rd biting your lips.
Not sure why I am writing but just wanted you to know that I couldn't take my eyes off you.That is an interesting story told for the public's sympathy. It's amazing really, that's exactly how I felt in that 'relationship'. Sometimes I think you just take all your terrible qualities and place them on other people to make you feel good about yourself. 
        You were responsible for most of the problems caused in that relationship. I remember you making a lot of assumptions, rash judgments and overreactions. The only thing I asked of you is to communicate better with me. You stubbornly refused to do so because you needed me to get what you wanted before you did so. You made the sole decision on communicating through CL, you wouldn't compromise or negotiate, and you wonder why everything came crashing down. There was no room for my happiness in that kind of relationship because you don't believe in reciprocation. Your arrogance wouldn't let you take responsibility for your actions and it's going to lead you to ruins.
       That final VICIOUS act of yours came as a surprise yesterday, and really gave a full picture of who you are. Now I wonder if you were ever genuinely a good person, worthy of me, and if your friends know this side of your personality. I'll leave it to your conscience and karma to dole out the punishment you deserve. So long, Soo Jung I will not miss your mental and emotional abuse.I've thought about how we connected briefly.  You've been on my mind ever since.  Your a very handsome man I'd like to get to know. I wanted to give you my number but wasn't sure that was appropriate.  If you happen to see this please contact me.we chatted at the gate briefly.  You were in San Francisco for the day. I  wanted your number but I was half asleep at the time and didn't have time to find you when the plane touched down.  You're very beautiful.hey gorgeous mommy,
i got your adorable daughters name but not yours. nice running into you two & hope to again. daddy must be very proud of you both. chris<3
...................................................................................................................................................To whoever, found my Metro card and blew $80 traveling between metro tech and 155 ST and /Kingston/Throop: Fuck you you fucking retard! I hope karma get's you good. When something really super shitty happens to you this week think about me and that you owe some stranger close to $100. Hope you die shithead!To whoever, found my Metro card and blew $80 traveling between metro tech and 155 ST and /Kingston/Throop: Fuck you you fucking retard! I hope karma get's you good. When something really super shitty happens to you this week think about me and that you owe some stranger close to $100. Hope you die shithead!I was in line next to you and I just had to say that you are stunningly beautiful.  You're Asian, had a white sweater and the most incredible eyes and lips.  There was some guy with you who bought you lunch but he looked like more of a coworker than anything else.  
Hope to run into you there again soon!We had a quick connection in the steam room around 7pm Monday, but after a quick smile in the locker room I had to head out.  Hit me up with some identifying characteristics.I am in love with you.
...................................................................................................................................................Light brown hair, Caucasian, headphones.  You looked a little grumpy, but still cute enough to have walked out of a J. Crew ad.  79th Street yesterday, around 6:30, heading West to Park Avenue.
I was the Asian, long hair, glasses.  Knee length tank dress with stripes.  Pink bag.I was on train you were boarding.  We kept looking at each other and I walked to the car you were sitting at.  We kept looking but neither of us made a move until you got off train and waved at me.  This was around noontime yesterday.  Tell me what I was wearing and what stop you got off at when you waved at me.  Hopefully you get this.We both got on at Bergen a week or so ago. I was hoping to catch your eye, but you were really amused by something on your phone. I did eventually catch your eye, but only as you were passing through the doors at Classon or Clinton, when you turned around for a second. Hope this catches your eye!You were sexy boy that just followed me (I'm white 5'5, 140 had a long grey raincoat on) I kept stoping n looking back to see if you were still behind me.
You didnt know that I was buck ass naked under the raincoat. I wanted to stop, drop on a dark street, anywhere and start sucking you r cock n swallowing your load.
So if you see this n have a hard cock still...hit me back I can host off Newkirk...
and I'm gag'n for cock n load....I don't ever do this, but I couldn't leave without knowing. I was the brown haired jock, we definitely seemed to have a connection. Let me know if you were really interested.You: Redhead, maybe 5'2, wearing a dark plaid shirt over a black corset(?), dancing a lot to the great mix of 90's/early 00's R&B at Harlem Public, with two of your girlfriends.
Me: Wearing a furry winter hat, beard, green track jacket, drinking a stout.
We kept making eye contact. You were really fucking sexy in every moment I caught your eye. I wanna meet you.
Let's grab a drink back at HP.WELLL FIT,  BLACK, DREDLOCKS, SLIM, MUSCULAR, 5' 8", 180LBS, COLLEGE GRAD, FUNNY,WITTY, LOKING FOR BBW/BBBW/XL, THICK WOMAN THAT HAS EVERYTHING IN LIFE EXCEPT WHAT SHE NEEDS, GENEROUS AND OPEN MINDED,READY FOR A LIFE CHANGING EXPERIENCE.
IM VERY GOOD AT WHAT I DO.. AND I DO IT WELL...PASSIONATELY
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
*NO MEN
*NO ROBO CONTACT
*NO "GO TO MY WEBSITE TO SEE ME"
*I WILL ONLY RESPOND IF THERE IS A CELL NUMBER ATTACHEDWe chatted and kissed. Wish you would have told your friend goodbye and stayed with me...This is silly, I know. I often see you on my commute looking down awkwardly at something you're fussing with or overly consumed with 'important' reading. Your spastic mannerisms intrigue and endear me in a poetic way that I've never been drawn to in a man before, like you're from another time. There is truth in your expression, it doesn't weaken or diminish you, it makes you real, human and refined even. We shared a smile at a party once, it was at the Mondrian downtown last year. You were a physical embodiment of the duality I always feel at such events: completely misfit in the scene while belonging to it perfectly. This party was for a hip, yet forgettable travel magazine. I thought you were someone I knew and offered up one of those big juicy familiar smiles. Surprised and slightly off guard, you grabbed it like a red balloon and promptly returned the gesture. Winded in that instant, oh no you are not who I thought, I looked away and looked back, and fell into the vortex of my fortunate position at the open bar, sampling handsome conversations. I later affirmed you avoiding the impulse of my glance to appease a vapid princessy girl; ill suited to a man of your character, oh well. You probably don't remember me at all, too preoccupied with personifying 'dashingly nerdy' each day on the F, but I never forget a face. I found myself standing right in front of you and this time much closer, you seated and me standing above gripping for leverage in the crowd of Monday's rush hour. I tried not to combat boot your unseasonably slipped on deck shoes, but may have grazed them, sorry. Feeling safe in the universes' synchronicity, you fidgeted with the strap of a brown pebbled leather messenger bag and briefly bit at a callous on your palm. I marinated in the moment, pleased with your atypical public comfort and released all attachments to any outcome. I felt you glance up a few times, staring at my face and then at my white lamb leather trousers. Suddenly you were speaking to me, you asked if I know my light is on? If I know my what? I unintentionally touched it while sending a quick text at 14th st to a guy I don't feel like seeing later for dinner. So embarrassing. I never used it before and you modestly show me how to turn it off after a charming "may I?" At W4th you got up and said Bye and I said Bye then just as you were about to go, you turned back and paused to smile at me. All I could do was smile back with no teeth, the moment didn't have whatever such moments need for teeth or more. I felt deflated from the day and a little dusty peaking out from under a black knit pom cap. I just waited. You walked away pensively dragging your puffy brown down on heavy shoulders and I watched you go...You delivered dinner to the office.  It was late so I had to meet you outside of the building.  I was swamped with work and you looked like you had a lot of deliveries to make.  Tell me from where I ordered.  You are extremely cute.I'm not quite sure where you are.What I am sure of is that you're the most amazing woman I've ever met.
Happy Birthday.
B.Hi,
We met 12/16 around 9pm and had lots of fun in your car.  I loved having my cock inside you.
I wish we had exchanged contact info.
If you would like to meet again, please get in touchWe stood next to each other on the platform and saw each other.
You took a B local and I waited for the express......i should've taken the local.
We glanced at each other through the windows full grin as your train pulled away
You were incredibly beautifulAbout two weeks ago we were checking each other out pretty heavily in the check-out area. You seemed to have a nice haul, I just had one item. Let me know if you manage to somehow come across this. You were handsome as hell. Would love to grab a drink sometime.You should come in tomorrow. I can awkwardly talk about myself instead of ask you your name. I should know it by now. Maybe you'll just tell me, then ill ask you if you want to go to the museum of natural history.I noticed you how cute it was we were wearing the same outfit as me (gray sweater, Barber jacket) when you walked into where I work. I helped you pick out a Yarai glass for your brother...
Email me if you want to meet up and tell me how he liked it. :)we smiled at the armory y dressing room. You seemed nice and I'd happy to talk more should I ever see you again.You seemed to have trouble getting into the shower.
And I enjoyed watching you every second.
I wanted to join you.
ChrisI posted this over a month ago, but in light of the recent New York Magazine article about missed connections, I was inspired to try again. . .
One Thursday night near the end of October, my friend and I went to Anna Maria Pizza on our way home to Bushwick.  You were sitting with your friend who lives in Midtown.  You'd both just finished bowling at The Gutter.  You were wearing a soft t-shirt and your Midtown friend called you out for wearing a hat indoors (he claimed you were balding, but my friend and I didn't think so).  We left really quickly so we could catch the next train and I didn't attempt to get your number or even your name.  
Who are you?I was getting off the Path at 14th street today around 4:45 and we made eye contact. You were seated and wearing a long tan coat with a scruffy face. I was in a blue ski jacket, facial hair and glasses. 
Wouldn't mind connecting with you...You sat next me in the steam Monday afternoon, we both were stretching.  You're a built black guy; flashed your meaty cock a few times.  I'm interested.Hey I'am new fresh lash Artist. Looking for females to practice on and add there eyelash photo to my protfolio. Professional individual eyelash extensions. Single strands, no clusters. Professional adhesive is used. Everything is FREE. Freelance dont have a place yet but Iam mobile and can travel. Please email me Looking forward to hear from your beautiful ladies.I honestly didn't think that when I commented on your awesome Dr. Who phone case, we would've ended up talking the entire ride up. Maybe that's because you're still an upstate transplant, but still. All that talk of Wegmans, real malls, a certain boy who waited, and our common disgust of tourists felt really refreshing.
My only regret is that I didn't suggest that we meet up or something before you got off at your stop and I ended up with only a first name. I panicked and then it was too late. You're not going to read this, so this is really just me making myself feel better. 
When I said "Maybe I'll see you around", I probably should've said "hoped" instead since that was much more accurate. Anyway, I hope you enjoy getting settled in soon and I really hope to see you around because I'd love to talk to you some more. Besides, you really need to find better meeting places that aren't crawling with people with cameras around their necks.Were you walking your dog by London Terrace around 9:30 pm on Monday night. Have seen you and your pooch, both cute and would love to say hi! Maybe meet at the dog park with my girl.   Hope you see thisI live in the neighborhood.  We chatted about blogging.  Tell me more.
I live in the neighborhood.  We chatted about blogging.  Tell me more.You were asleep on the 4 train going uptown. I got on the packed train at Wall St and noticed you sprawled across three seats. You didn't wake up when a pregnant woman asked you to move over.  You got off at Fulton St and bumped a little kid in the face with your backpack. How long did it take before you noticed the drool on your chin? I thought it was cute :P I was the white guy in a suit. Coffee sometime?We met for a moment in an elevator bay.  
Two bags of luggage in your stay.  
Dragging them on the floor, gifts in tow.
Large ring on your finger, I must have a row.
For your heart that is, unless I am mistaken.
The finger it was placed, my memory is forsaken. 
Oh tenant of 280, adorable brunette
For only I wish, we formally met.Tall, handsome, hairy chest. Like to play rough, but safe. Where all the ladies at. Please be fit and easy to look at. I AMYou're about 6 feet tall, dark wavy hair, handsome guy, holding a garment bag. I saw you on the 6 train once before heading to work. Saw you again tonight. You were heading into the car as I was heading out at union square. Here's to giving it a shot.It's been years. 
I've done everything I can to find you. 
Where are you? 
I miss it...Mutual masters at exchanging glances. We sat across from each other then you disembarked at 175th St. before I broke the ice. You have amazing hair. 
Let's grab a coffee. Tell me the color of my coat and I will tell you what you were reading.You were wearing purple pants and folding your laundry at the back of the laundromat when I came in to pick up mine.  My bag was stashed behind you.  You smiled when I said I had their calendar on my fridge.  
I think you're very pretty.  Just sayin'.  
(In case you're wondering, "why the pic with the guitar?" I just figured that was pretty too.)You were wearing a red winter jacket and you looked at me and we both smiled at each other.I should have asked you out.  You were sitting next to me on a flight from Toronto to Newark on Friday.  You were extremely cute.  The Anthony Kiedis bio you were reading only exaggerated how cool you must be.You kept calling me form your work phone two weeks ago and I didn't pick up because it said "unknown". We had such a great connection and you stated that you are intuitive and smart and you. I asked you to send a pic to me with your email but I've never gotten it. Tell me what my name is, ill give you a hint, it starts with an R. You really were the best convo i've had with someone on craigslist. Please please please if you see this respond to this ad. And plus I gave you my phone number, another hint; I had mistaken you for someone else when we started talking.I met you on the L train tonight. You had such a great smile. Across from us was a man, probably homeless, sleeping peacefully. You told me you just got into the metropolitan opera as a dancer. Your dad is also a bass player. I was the guitar player. We had a nice chat. You seemed so cool and sweet.
Before I knew it, it was your stop at Bedford Ave. I was caught off guard and didn't have time to ask for your number. I wish I did. This is a crazy long shot, but crazier things have happened, right?I'm not one to make lots of eye contact or be immediately very forward with strangers, but it was nice to see you on the train! I snuck a few glances here and there, I am always too discreet. I got a good vibe from you, but my conversation starters aren't always amazing -and this is obviously way better right- but I still liked your vibe and it would have been nice to at least talk. There was even a train delay in our favor, but I did not take advantage of this!
The funny thing is that I never take the B, I decided to take it tonight for a change of scenery-- looks like I got what I wanted, hm?
Let me know if you want to chitchat-- tell me your sweatshirt color, where you got on the train and where we both left. Some of the funny shit the people across from me were saying, what my sneakers looked like, or what stop we got delayed at for extra credit! (only if you're single though. ha!)You looked really cute in your black berete. Would love to see you again
Tall guy on a trainTo Go,
I was waiting in line behind you at Chipotle on 8th and 56th. You were the white guy with brown hair. I was the Asian guy with the red knit cap. You seemed to turn your head as I got in line behind you but I thought nothing of it. You ordered a chicken burrito with pinto beans. I had the chicken bowl with black beans. You had a duffle probably coming back from the gym. I thought you were cute but dismissed you as straight. To my pleasant surprise you said "How's it goin?" at the soda fountain.  I don't remember what I replied because you caught me off guard.  Perhaps you had wanted to say hello in line.  Ofcourse you took yours to go and I stayed behind and that was the end of that.  Lets hope this finds you. Merry Xmas. 
-For Herethis afternoon my mom and i stopped in for a tea and chat...we sat up front by the windows and the soft~subtle wonder of your beauty captivated me so. we made eyes on a few different occasions, though of course you were running about simply doing your job.
i felt so determined shortly before we left to swallow my pride and do something i wouldn't ordinarily do in approaching you to say hi and how radiant i felt you to be.
i anticipate being back there quite often, so perhaps our paths---and at very least our eyes---shall cross once more. 
longingly,
david.You sat across from me and kept staring despite how upset my girlfriend got.
What she doesn't know won't hurt her. Email me with a pic so I know it's you.asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaPacked M15 bus. Did you enjoy slowly grinding your bulge against my shoulder? I sure did...Sounds crazy, we've gotten pretty close. Told each other a lot. I'm getting too attached to you, but don't want to screw up our working situation. 
I'm twice your age, and we come from two different worlds. If that's enough of a hint get back to me with your current hair color and the kind of office we work in. I'm pretty sure this is mutual. Time to get it onI helped you step over a huge puddle. We shared a cab from Tribeca to the East VIllage and you continued onward. You seemed like a wonderfully intelligent person and I stupidly didn't ask for your number. Respond with your first name, which is too unique to forget. And I'd like to see you again.Looking for a wonderful friend I lost contact with many years ago. She was a nurse at Yonkers General Hospital for many years before it closed down. If anyone knows her or her whereabouts, please let her know an ole' friend of hers (as well as my sister whom she also knows) just want to say hi. I live in Houston now, so she'll know who I am. Thank you.
I believe she remarried a few years ago and changed her last name to Hernandez, but am not sure about this. She's about 56 years old.Ran into your in the bodega tonight.  You asked if that was my dog outside. Couldn't take my eyes of you.  Couldn't you tell???? You're so hot with the most beautiful eyes!It was about 7:20 on Monday 12/16. After an interminable wait, a 1 pulled into 66th Street, packed and with very few exits. I waited to get on, squeezing myself into a free corner by the door.
Our eyes met. You smiled, so confident. You had blonde hair and towered over me and with a warm grin said "That's rude." I asked you where you would have liked me to move, you indicated a packed cluster of people toward the center of the train. You laughed at me, as if you were a producer of the Bachelorette delivering notes to a plane mate in 7A. You were so proud of yourself for yelling at someone without yelling. So smug.
I really hope you and your equally tall girlfriend felt proud of yourselves for how much you cut someone already half your height down to size. The thing is, I was in the middle of a panic attack, primarily brought on by claustrophobia. Pushing into the center of the train where there was no space to begin with was not in the cards for me. I was just trying to get home from work and was trying to be as unobtrusive on a packed 1 train as possible. But rather than just say "excuse me" or "there's more room in the center," rather than think that maybe I had my own shit going on, you decided to be a hero for humanity and make me feel miserable for a sin I didn't even commit.
I hope that my being on your train is the worst thing that will happen to you this week. I hope that you feel proud of yourself for picking on the little guy. And I hope I never see you again.
Happy holidays.We starting talking by the second floor bar at Therapy on Saturday Night.  You were with a girl and your guy friend whose birthday was recently or coming up shortly.  All actors I believe...
I should of got your number for the next time I come to the city..  Would like to meet up :)
BThose eyes; give a hint of a deep beautiful soul.
...................................................................................................................................................We were both waiting at Christopher st, taking the 1 train uptown, we smiled at least 4 times, but both of us had our headphones on. I left the train at 14th st for the express, Sunday Night... there was passion in your eyes, and I missed my shot! Or did I? Let me know if you are ready to have some words;-)hi I am 30 years old very handsome 160 lbs would like to meet some chubby mature daddy for play tonight  please send me ur info and ur weight an height pleaseYou were gorgeous. I think you got on at Wall St. as I did. I was the Asian guy with shoulder length hair (a few highlights), wearing a dark gray polo, black pants, carrying a Microsoft bag. The train was packed between 5:10-5:25pm. We shared the middle pole and you glanced at me a few times as I did you. At the Brooklyn Bridge stop a woman by the doors stepped off, so I moved up against it (opposite the exit doors). You shifted over right in front of me as a herd of people stepped on. We were squished together and I was in between two people also against the door. You took my original spot and had your hand on the middle pole. I was trying to be a gentleman and not brush my hand against you, but you kept leaning your butt into my right hand. I had to stand sideways so my crotch wouldn't be right up against your butt. It was hard to check you out because we were so close together but I noticed you were wearing boots and stockings. During the trip I felt you get a little closer to me. You were really turning me on to the point I was going bonkers. You got off at Union Square very quickly, and I questioned whether to chase after you. 
I do hope you see this. Otherwise if you work on Wall Street too, I get off at the same time everyday. Send me picture of yourself so I know it's you beautiful.We listened to jams at 1st Ave.   You got off at Bedford, I got off at Morgan.  How was the Kale salad?As winter approaches and my colors 
change, to the soft somber 
shades of 
fall 
i remember many years ago 
and a million moments 
away
how you lifted my lid 
and set me 
free
your light leaving an 
indelible 
imprint on my heart 
that still 
glows
mindgallery . twitter . beatboxbliss . tumblrHi, 
I doubt you check this but I wanted to let you know that I thought you were beautiful.  You had an Eataly bag and we smiled at each other at least a dozen times.  I should have said hello.  We even sat next to each other for a little and observed "Showtime".  Just wanted to say Hi.here goes nothing...meant to say hi but for whatever reason didn't, we were on the treadmills at the same time and later made eye contact a few times on the gym floor and for a second in the steam room and after.  i think you're handsome.  if you see this, let me know what you or i were wearing and maybe we can grab a drink sometime.We only talked briefly on W4 (mostly I was struck by how amazing you looked in that coat), but I would love to talk with you more.So I have an apartment with a windows facing your windows. I live on 15th you on 16th you change in front of the window all the time. I get so turned on by you, you did it tonight and you just looked across at my window and played with your boobs. It just happened around midnight. I wish there was some way I could say something to you without it being weird. I think you are absolutely stunning.You were sitting on the Brooklyn-bound L, I was across from you. You were really cute with black studded glasses and a multicolored scarf, wearing a black coat. We made eye contact a few times, but didn't get to talk. We both got off at the Bedford stop and went our separate ways.
What was I wearing? Let's talk.99% that You won't see this message but i can not
Stop thinking about You ..... Jennifer with the most beautiful eyes. 
The Eagles concert was about to begin. I was getting ice cream at the concession stand. You told them to tilt the cup and we both agreed they had no idea how to pour a beer and looked into each other's eyes and then we parted ways looking for our seats.
Can't be a coincidence we both went to the wrong gate and came back out to bumped into each other again. Our eyes locked again. Such beautiful mesmerizing eyes, I was compelled to tell you that you look so familiar even though we never met. You agreed and said maybe from a past life and smiled. I said perhaps and I shook your hand.  I asked you for your number You smiled and mentioned. You cant give me your number you have to get back to your kids. I turned and you began to walk away to your seat. I called out your name and walked back up to you and kissed you on the cheek everything slowed down and came to a stand still.... and then all of a sudden sped back up. I herd myself say it was very nice to meet you Jennifer. I will look you up on facebook.
It was a great show. I could not stop thinking about you and that moment and hopped I would see you again during the half time break. To no avail :( and your last name is either too common or you don't have a facebook account. 
You are right, maybe I do know you from a past life. I would like to pour you a perfect beer in this life.... find me again my love. Find me!Saw you in Forever 21, Union Square.  You had beautiful red hair, and I told you how much I liked it while we went down the escalator together.  Jotted my name and number down for you at check out but you had left the store before I had the chance to get it to you.You're the cute brunette with the striking eyes and lips and I was the guy in a ridiculous Axl Rose style red banadana the morning after SantaCon. I was being served by the other waitress and you were cleaning the tables. I asked you how the SantaCon crowd was and you said you though not so bad, as you were off that day. We talked a little bit more, I lingered, and I left without asking you out.
It wasn't so much be being nervous as it was more about not making you feel awkward at your job. I figured that would have been sorta tacky. At least in front of your co-worker.
Anyway, I think you're beautiful and would love to at least just get a drink with you, NOT at TortugaI was on the phone, outside of 71 Irving (wearing a orange and navy blue stripped cardigan); you 2 had just left; you, beautiful brunette, locked eyes with me and smiled; I was in a conversation and had NO idea what to say like, "hmm do I hang up the phone and/or do I yell out, 'you're beautiful'??"
Anyway, I clearly dropped the ball on that one, as both of you noticed me staring at you through the window prior to that. I'm a dope. Let me know if you want to get a drink soon!You (dark hair, small tattoo on back of your neck) found me (blonde, blue coat) utensils when we both decided we could no longer wait in line for the cashier to figure things out.
I forgot to say thank you, so, thank you.I've been getting massages from you for a while now. We always comment on each other's bodies and today you showed me some pics of yourself. You have a wife, but was just surprised you did that. Have always thought there was interest, but wasn't really sure. Hope you see this and get in touch.<3
...................................................................................................................................................Hi I walked past you you today on Holoween around 240.  I think you came out if gym.  Black spandex and fair skin with red hair.  So pretty.   Wish I said somthing.   If by chance you see this email me. Thanks.   (I had the hoodie)I wish I would've at a minimum given you my business card or even just passed them out to all 3 of you to seem less conspicuous...but I was extremely attracted to you and my commitments to boundaries & politeness now have me kicking myself!We were in the steam room together at about 230. We were only in there alone for a few minutes and couldn't do anything. You are about 6ft, dark hair, tan, ripped. Tell me what the tattoo is on the inside of your arm. I'm also 6ft, dark hairYou had on a white shirt and was with an older friend.  Most beautiful woman I've ever seen.  Was going to start talking to you but wasnt feeling well.  Can't stop thinking of you. Damn..
Shot in the dark but who knows...Linda -- this is Frank.  You and Rich were a mature Bi D/s couple and I was your mature Bi sub.  We had two get-togethers about two years ago. You took lots of photos.  But then you and Rich split up.  I would love to meet you for dinner and talk.  I keep remembering you.There were three of us in the sauna, lights were off. 
You two went at it when I left, knew something was up when I came back in. 
You guys interested in another round?Time to start a new friendship. Always been attracted to females. I'm mixed Puerto Rican and black thin. If you email me pix I will do the same. MUST BE CLEAN.Dear Craigslist,
I am in need of help. I currently live in NY and am yearning to see my partner who lives in California. We frequently travel throughout the country spending time with each other;however our financial inadequacies might prevent that from happening this time. If anyone would like to be generous and compassionate enough to pay for my plane ticket to see her I would be extremely grateful. Even if no one does, I hope this post invokes the compassion into everyone reading this to sacrifice yourself for others throughout your lives. Have a splendid day!Was late afternoon like 1ish pm
The white guy working at the store very handsome with the goatee 
I was totally checking you out - as I was leaving u went out must it been for your break you put those sunglasses on - woof u look hot! Lol
As you were leaving u offer your co workers something to eat 
Really hope your see thisWe caught one another's eye as my friend and I left the bar a bit after halftime when the 49ers played the Buccaneers. 
You are brunette and handsome, wearing a red short sleeve tee shirt (I think it was a Super Bowl tee). I was wearing a red 49ers baseball hat and a Barbour coat. 
It would be great to grab coffee and get to know you.It was santacon 2013 at the drunken scholar. We were both sitting at the bar enjoying a drink. You wore a santa hat and festive christmas ball and snowflake necklaces. I wore a santa suit. You approached me and asked me about the oragami pyramids I was making. Being that it was my own personal design, I proudly showed you how. We shared a delightful conversation about life, travel, our family origins, and the medical profession. Last thing I remember is your friend say we have to go to a house party. I asked if I could tag along being that my friends had gone home for the night and you politely declined. We parted ways with a hand shake and a nice to meet you. Unfortunately I did not ask for your phone number or facebook info so that we could contact each other if we were ever in each others cities. I don't know if it was my disappointment at not being able to continue a great night or my tiredness after a long day of drinking or both but I regret not asking you. I hope you read this and feel like sending me and email. Cheers!
-Joe
P.S. I tried looking your name up on facebook along with your city and had no success, so I wrote this message to you. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!Healthy Weight Loss & Body Sculpting for Women, $1/min.        
Satisfied with your body?
Just can't lose weight and keep it off on your own?
Work with me at Affordable Personal Training.
Work with us for 12 weeks. 
We guarantee you WILL be fitter & stronger.
How much? $1/min. 65-min. and 90-min. programs available.
Let's get started, NOW. 
E-mail now for your complimentary fitness consultation....for real though. I have NO idea. Would appreciate some help piecing together my Saturday evening.I like your glasses- you are a dirty kind of hot, I bet you like to be dominated.  Sit on my face  with your fire bush.  I will make you feel lusted for-I was passing outside and we caught each other's eyes. You had the window seat but it looked like there might have been somebody sitting opposite you so I didn't come in. If you were alone, I definitely would have.
You were wearing a bright blue top. You are absolutely adorable and I would love to bring you out for coffee.
Hit me up!Looking for the hot dark haired girl sitting at the bar with your boyfriend at boom burger in mawah on Friday night.Sunday, 12/15/13, early afternoon.  You gave up your seat for my mother.  You said bye as I exited at Canal.  You were stunning.  Tell me something about me, you...It's Zak, I was wearing a red St. John's shirt yesterday. We talked for a while and I enjoyed our banter, my buddy was pressing me to get out of there for a while, and when you got up I relented and left with him. I'd like to see you again if this finds you, so please contact me so we can set something upI've known you for seven years and fell for you shortly after. Now i have a family and would not risk it but must get these feelings out. It should honestly come as no surprise if i told you face to face you'd probably tell me you knew the while time.<3
...................................................................................................................................................We glanced at each other twice now. Today I was in front of your VW talking with the cop.  I didn't realize it was you again until I saw your plate. Last time was a few weeks ago. You are attractive!
So what are the letters on your plate??!!!..Hey. You were our waiter. Latino light eyes. Thought you were crazy cute and over great nice guy. This was this Saturday night. You guys weren't that busy. I've never posted but figured I'd try.Were you flirting with me at the holiday party last week?  Was the alcohol clouding your judgement or revealing your desire?  Could we do this discreetly?  Please put the initial of your first name in reply so I will know its you.I was upstairs eating dinner, and apparently I missed out on a belly dancing show or practice in the basement.  I wasn't too far from the front door, with my back to the tv.  You walked outside for a minute, and when you did walk towards the door, our eyes connected.  You came back in a few minutes after, and I could have sworn I saw you looking my way again.  If so, I'd like to reconnect.I mentioned we could reconnect here and haven't seen anything from you, so this is me seeing if you had a clue what I was talking about when I said it, hastily, impulsively, and probably foolishly...Hi carmen. I know your last name begins with a Q, i just dont remeber it. Its been a long time since we talked. You probably think i never wanted to see you again. Not true at all. You are 5'2 (my height), you are puerto rican, and you live around Brook Ave. By the 6 train. i only went to your place once and we met on here. If you see this, please message me so i can give you my new number. And to be sure that its really you, tell me exactly what happened that day. Hope we talk soon. ;)You were having a drink with a girlfriend on Friday night.  But between you intensely engaged in your conversation and checking your phone, not sure you noticed me checking you out.  But you were looking good.  Put name of the lounge in title of your reply.Hello fellas.... As u know Im Ts.Holly, The best thing to hit Staten Island.... Im a tall slim sexy,well hung ,with a VERY nice body... I love 1st timers and dont mind men with a little more experience....  YES I LOVE TO COME!!!!!! I live in a discreet area,in a private house with driveway.... VERY safe.... I live alone and no rush service job.... My pics are 100% real!!! One Hundred rose special!!!! call now!!Hey handsome, we just rode the train in from 15th Street in park slope. Got on around 11:39. You were wearing a green jacket and brown boots. We seemed to be interested, but I got super nervous! Anyway, seems we live in the same neighborhood. Shoot me a message if you see this and want to hang out.Hello fellas, versatile beauty here.... 
I love 1st timers and can make it worth ur wild,
I am a very freaky fukc slut
with all the right tools to make ur night...
Yes I can and do CUMWe were in the elevator. We exchanged "good morning"s. You got off on the 3rd floor. I got off on the 4th. I'd like another chance to say more than "good morning". If you're interested in getting a cup of coffee, please respond.You were well bundled up and had custom colored shoes on. I got on at Bryant park. You got off at 155th.
I don't know if you'll ever see this but I thought you were kind of cute and would like to take you out for a cup of coffee or something.
Tell me what color my scarf was so I know it's you.ok, I get confused easily, I know, but that's cuz I hear soo many different versions of each thing, but i'm gonna spill what I think are some dog beans, cuz they are gonna get spilled eventually anyways, dog.  let's see, he took pi out of my head & spent the whole time in nyc making bank on wall street, while chasing a rich girl instead of me, cuz i'm not perfect, while stringing me along the whole time on craigslist.  tv said he fried my eggs forever & that the original set of frames in my head (suffocating women during wild, crazy sex) were his (although they may have been recently changed to the smiley face killer frames).  he also framed me for burglary &/or robbery in seattle too & nick in the rv.  i'm pretty sure the Halloween frame must be real too, but that may not have been him.  I was at the cake walk at eves carnival that whole night though.  he's been my 'puter stalker for years, he's put the psycho stalker stuff on my 'puter & he's the one who messes with my communication by doing stuff like rewriting my emails & not letting them go through, things like that.  oh, he was responsible for dumping the fake light in me that made my head quit spinning in perfect circles (they said he really hurt me that day!) & he built that naughty sequence in my head of an underground life involving diamonds starting back to when I was like 18 or so.  no one tell me anything directly, which makes piecing it all together super hard, but mark has told me dog's bad news & to stay away from him, so you might ask mark if you want to know for sure (he's a friend of the birds, he'll know the truth!) & nick would probably tell you the truth about him too if you ask.  fbi maybe could tell you too!  I just know i'm not the bad girl but I do get all confused about who's done what to fuck me over!Hispanic sexy femme looking for sexy femme for friendship n fun 420 friendly love to role play very oralWe shared a car from the airport to downtown Toronto - would love to see you again.We work at the same place. The fact that we are also both married makes it even more risky to approach you. But I sense we are attracted to each other. If I knew you would be open to something discreet I would go for it because I do sense that we would be very hot together. 
So hope you see this and reply. Let me know about where in Mnahattan we work and the general type of business it is when you reply so I will know it is you.Hi...you r the sexiest laundry attendant i'v ever seen!!!...I've been to the clean rite on 101 ave & 131 street in southrichmondhill queens twice, between 10pm & midnight. I'm guessing you r PR late 20's to early 30's with a bunch of tattoos. We spoke briefly on Dec1st about the clothing drop. Even if u r not into guys i just want u to know u r sexy sexy sexy...if u r lets chat.I was sitting down and so were you. Around 2.00PM on the F train going downtown. You were wearing black pants and dark (black?) nail polish. I was shyly looking at you and I'm pretty sure you noticed that. I got off at 14th street. I wish I went and sat next to you and said hello, but obviously I didn't and here I am posting this note you will probably never read. Wherever you were going, I hope you got there safe, and that despite the rain you are having a great dayI know this has virtually no chance of finding you, but our eyes met several times on the 7 train heading into Flushing around 9:00 am. We even ending up next to each other on the escalator and you smiled - I should have spoken. You, a beautiful Chinese Woman, dark eyes and beautiful hands. You wore all black. Me, tall dark-haired guy wearing a black jacket. Email me .......I looking for 2 women to play with. You must to be under 30 with athletic bodies. I will be in the city on the next weekend. Serious with pictures only.To the incredibly handsome Stevie, while we were chatting in line for the bathroom I said your job and name were boring but you seemed to get the joke! I would love to meet you for a drink sometime when there aren't 2,300 other people around.Masseur  with big hands very strong macho type  well trained big tall muscular black Latino, trainer I'm in to men and Owen so come get your rub straight curious or open send yur I for or numberOn Sunday 12/15 - We were squished together on the 6 train downtown and you got off at 51st St. I'm blonde, had my hair in a pony tail and was wearing a black coat with a white scarf. You told me "ladies first" as you got off the train. I thought you were so cute but didn't know how to talk to you! I hope you see this...You: Aqua/green-framed glasses, carrying pizza, most likely remembered where you got it three minutes after we parted.
Me: Brown-haired, 5'11", mostly amusing remarks.
Let's talk some more.28 pr male muscular3 Built 4looking7 for a 233cool down to earth9 girl 7if thats u hit 9me up 3I was too shy to come over when your friend left for the bathroom.  I don't know if you guys were together or just met.  I think you had on a David Barton T-shirt.  I have been thinking of you all weekend.  I went back hoping I would see you again.  I am hoping you will see this or someone else who knows you will.We met at the gym on Saturday  morning and had some fun in the sauna and steam before it got too busy. You late 40s dark hair married.  Hit me up if looking to connect again.I just had to let you know that I think that you're absolutely beautiful.  Your brown eyes make me melt.  Plus, you have one of the best, juiciest looking butts in the world.  For years I've noticed that I catch the attention of your eyes when I'm on line and checking out.  I'd like to get to know you better but am a little shy in regards to asking you out in front of your coworkers.
Maybe this will find you.  I hope that you do.Looking for you. I am pretty sure your name is Rick. We met at the QOTSA concert, GA sector. You came with a friend, he was sporting an Amish style beard, you wore a plaid shirt (as seen in this pic). I was by myself, we hung out during the concert, and you asked if I had Instagram. I should've given you my phone number but was so tired I spaced out.I am going to try this again...a while ago my GF and I met you in a mexican restaurant bar on the UES. You were with a group of guys but not with your GF. Not sure how the conversation got around to it, but you mentioned how your GF had expressed an interest in spanking you and you were getting curious. You had dark hair, good looking and probably are about 30. The idea of spanking you really turned me on....would love to try it with you...with or without your GF and probably without my GF. Not looking for sex, not sure if I would be into anything like that, but would love to hand spank your bare ass. If this ad finds you...get back to me....or if there are any other guys that think they want to try this...get back to me with a pic and your ideas. I'm a 50 year old good looking greek/italian guy with salt and pepper hair with the italian GF...Lost contact with you around the time Sandy hit. All avenues of contact have failed. I miss you and worry about you, especially now that the cold weather is back. Please at least let me know if you are OK. 
Dougyour name starts with L your friend was not having a good time, unfortunately you had to leave...<3
...................................................................................................................................................OK, so I received three emails as a response from one guy. His email comes in as Eric Rodriguez.  I suppose this is the guy ("police officer"), who is full of himself. How pathetic.
I assume this is the guy, because who else would write three 'bashing' emails?? Ladies, stay away from this one.No need to understand the past it's just that
Love deep and pure means everything to me.
Truth sincerity and goodness comes from the right side of the heart.
No room for games manipulation or headaches drama unwanted.
May the new year bring us redemption and feeling of
completion. May god deliver goodness and may great things happen.
Happiness is meant to be shared by our loved ones.
Love is sacred and should be Regarded just as that.
Have an awesome day spirits up and may the
Dice land in your favor.We had such an amazing connection, but with my new kid and your new bf I thought you would do best with a clean break.  I knew I wouldnt be able to stay away so I deleted the account.  It's worked, I can't contact you, but of course I can't forget you either.
If you read this I am sorry.  Both that we aren't talking but mostly that you must be unhappy since you are looking at CL.
Contact to say goodbye at least.Awake on a couch at 4am
It's been over seven years
She is married
He is dead to her
He misses her so deeply
That he cannot sleepWe both got on at main street, you were with your daughter, otherwise I would have told you I liked your hat!  As I got off, you winked....wish I had slipped you my number!  If by chance you see this....tell me what your hat looked like.....I would love to buy you dinner!Hay Dawn I can't stop thinking about you I dream about you I  think about you all the time and we never even kissed what do I do ?Hi. We were sitting together flying from Charlotte to LaGuardia. I live in Raleigh and am in town on business this week at Weill Cornell Med Center. You are getting your Masters at NYU, live uptown, are from Charlotte. We had a very nice talk about Dave Eggers, Mexico City, your parents, Sedona, movies, restaurants in Manhattan. You were sweetly nervous about the turbulence. You have a cute little eyebrow ring, a gentle demeanor, and a lovely smile. In truth, I wished the flight had gone on for a bit longer.
Kicking myself for not having gotten your number. If by chance or design you or someone you know sees this, I would love to talk more, and catch a drink and/or a bite this week, or any time. Hoping so.
:-) Randy from RaleighYou were in Peanut Butter and Co.  You had a battery instant charger for your phone, and walked out of the bathroom as I was walking in.  If you are interested in meeting hit me up.You needed help with your gift buying. you were impressed with my bra size" for a girl my age".
you were right ,it really looks great on me. wanna see?You were working, very good looking tall blonde. We came into your store, very good looking couple. She stumbled into chair starring at you, he made a comment....ever play with a sexy milf? M half is str8. Let's get together.hi you live across from Dunkin Donuts  nelson ave mortgage office building  i see u all time would love to hook up tell me something about  you what  you drive or if yur single descride yourself so i know its you hope so lolyou are stocky guy  work there i think 3rd floor dark hair  always dressed nice  sometimes seeu there i am bi married guy 6ft  gl br/br  45 made some eye contact couple of times think u mite  be bi tell me something about yur office  and if u have a pet there lolhi u posted looking for a woman to motorvaite u to lose weight I have been trying u don't email me back why we can help each other please email meI feel you may not even be looking here, but I have got nothing to lose by giving a try!
You are the sweet Indian (looking) woman on the F train on Thursday standing near the doors. We made several eye contacts around 9 AM. You were wearing a black woolen overcoat, perhaps a leather handbag.
I was the tall Indian man standing near the other door on the same car. I was wearing a black woolen coat and a small backpack. I simply could not keep my eyes off you. I boarded at 33rd st station and got off at 47-50. I was looking for you while getting off, but you were not there! Either you got a seat or got off at 47-50 and disappeared!
We both know we had chemistry. Reply with your description.I got to the end of my day yesterday and I realized I missed out brief time together.
I would like to see you again.  You laugh at my jokes and bring out good things. 
I'm harmless, do not medicate and not into substance abuse.  Didn't ask you for your number since I am just out of the habit.  I stopped dating since so many women  I've dated are into "form  abuse".
Think about it - we barely scratched the surface.I saw you last evening at Pastaeria in Plainview; around 6:20 pm on Dec. 15th; you were about 5'3", brunette, wearing flats, dressed in black, had a sliver ring on one thumb and carried out a small pizza box and soda.  I was standing immediately to your left and was picking up an order as well.  I have to say that I love pizza, but my attention was totally on YOU! lol  You are beautiful, sexy and magnetic and I would love to know who you are. I am a professional, sane, n/s and blah blah blah.  It would be an amazing desert if you contacted me back.  Miracles happen I am told.You were browsing straight porn and I was trying to grab your attention. I thought you were really good lookin. Not sure if you're into it but I'd  love to suck your dick while you watch the movies you bought. You were wearing sweat pants and an I-con t-shirt.You were browsing straight porn and I was trying to grab your attention. I thought you were really good lookin. Not sure if you're into it but I'd  love to suck your dick while you watch the movies you bought. You were wearing sweat pants and an I-con t-shirt.You were having a meal with your friend. I spoke with you briefly. You said bye when you left. I wanted to give you my e-mail but unfortunately did not. Let's talk again.asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and serviceYou are a stunning man.  Incredible eyes and your strong sexy hands - I kept going back and forth from your hands to your eyes and back again....imagining you naked in front of me.  You were stretching your legs out close to me & I fantasized about massaging you & making you feel amazing.  
We kept looking at one another.  I know you saw me staring at you - trying to catch a glimpse when I could.  You got off at 137.  Before your stop you place your black bag strap around your should & across your body, then you opened your coat in front of me and adjusted your package.  My jaw hit the floor, I wish I had the courage to say something, but I was unsure if you are even interested.  Maybe I was imagining it all because you are such a strong handsome man.
I was sitting next to two gay men, who were obviously a couple.  One white & one African American.  I had a shopping bag with me.  You had on blue trousers & black boots & a black hat pulled down to cover your head.  I can't stop thinking about your eyes & those strong hands....
If you, by chance, read this...would you care to have a drink or a coffee?  If so, let me know if you remember what I looked like or what I was wearing or what distinguishable feature I have.
You are a stunning masculine man.  I hope you read this and are interested.  I can't stop thinking about you.
Peace.We were both in the middle, right & by ourselves. You-blonde bangs w glasses, striped shirt? Took pictures of Ira & Georgia during the encore. Me-brown shaggy hair, blue eyes, in front of you & on the G to Metro/Grand after. I'm new here & never posted on CL before. Coffee? (PS really, really, really not a creep)okay that wasn't your real name but you were the personification of him to a T you fucking psycho.
met you last night, you were great up until you pulled a Chris Brown and made me Rihanna.
I hope you burn in hell u beautiful racist bastardI think we caught one another's eye...  Saw you in the lower floor of the Whole Foods on the Upper West Side.
You are tall and very handsome, were wearing a baseball hat, and look around my age.
I was wearing a black peacoat, had my hair in a pony tail.
Feel like I'm throwing a message in a bottle into the ocean... Lets' see what happens.Saw you in coffee bean and tea leaf tonight (Sunday). I think you were on a date/meeting a friend. Made eye contact several times. 
Let me know if you think it was you!FROM A, I miss you alot. i'm so sorry about everything that has happened. but i still think about you, songs i hear remind me of you and even when i'm sad, that makes me smile. i know fate wasn't fair and life is a bitch. sleep well. from your pumpkin, A.You got on the M101 bus in East Harlem going down Lexington Ave around 10:30 am, sunday. Carrying two bags (one a duffle bag), camouflage hat, you seated yourself directly across from me. A woman was rummaging in the seats behind us. we exchanged several glances. I got off at 107th St, and nearly fell into your lap, when the bus driver hit the brakes. That's when I discovered your great smile! You were reading a technical type of book. Please name the book, and join me for coffee!This post is obviously written by the guy himself.  It's pathetic; we come across such posts now and then whereby a man, acting as a 'woman seeking a man', writes of himself.  Usually, they make the mistake of overly complimenting themselves and being overly specific of their 'exact' location. 
It's sad. But I guess this guy is really lonely and needs to do this in order to feel better about himself.  Or, perhaps he's deeply egotistical. Either way, it's sad.I sat next to you and we spoke at the end of the flight. You were a science writer from NYC whose family lived in SF. I was a Brit. It would be nice to continue the conversation. Tell me your seat number and what color fleece you wore so I know it's you..What's your secret? See you in the gym and you always look so thrilled. It's a turn onYou asked my daughter and me to take a photo of you with your iPhone...it was cracked...then I asked if you would take a photo of us.  You told me you were from Brazil...you had a pretty nice camera around your neck.   I thought you were stunningly beautiful.....not a chance you would read this...but I figure, why not?I was wearing orange headphones sitting in the corner section of the train, singing, and you had a large keyboard in a plastic shopping bag. You came over and sat by me but I quickly got off at Rockefeller Center (47th-50th Street.) Would have totally chatted with you about music as I'm looking for someone who plays keys. Feel free to contact me if interested. Cheers.We smiled at each other at a Vietnamese restaurant at east 18th street and avenue U.  I was with family you sat alone.  Would love to meet you !!!We met at Dark Room, I am wisdom - did I give you the wrong number? 
You are 24, from Virginia and have a birth mark on your nose. And you live lower than the lower east side. We discussed Comic Books and had wine cinnamon shots surrounded by drunken Santas. 
I sound like a crazy person, but I do hope to find you, at least for Wednesday night baby, cause we're alive.Really haven't stopped thinking about you.  What happened??  Long shot your reading but if you do I would like to talk againI met the two of you randomly outside Union Hall on the corner of 5th Ave. It was really great talking to the both of you. As everything came to a close I, stupidly, did not ask for either of your numbers. I, obviously, regret this now and I'm hoping that my first (and only) Craigslist post will fix this.
I'm *terrible* with names but I'm fairly certain that your names were Susan and Jill.
To ensure I'm talking to the right people, what were you two doing that started our conversation.
- Tom
PS: Good luck on the job interview!We were both on the N train yesterday at 9:30 PM. I offered you my seat near 42nd street. We were talking about your job selling makeup.
I forgot to tell you that you dont need your makeup to be beautiful. Please let me know if you are still out there. I would love to meet up again.
So I know it is you, tell me what my facial hair is like.I asked you to forgive me because i never meant to hurt you. I know i crossed the line when i started asking questions to your coworkers about you. I didnt want us to end in haste. So i called you to explain and you told me you were going to change your number. I hanged up on you on purpose and that was the last time i spoke to you. By now you might of changed your number, i guess i will never know. I look back at the stupid things i did, but i think your ego was hurt. I remember i gave you a t-shirt, and you gave me a sony radio on our first night together. I still have the radio but i don't listen to the music anymore. I will remember our time in times square and the dinner we shared with bluberries. I will remember us even if was temporary.After making me a wrap I offered to to take you home with me you responed by giving me your name and saying now you know who you are taking home. when I went back to exchange phone numbers  you were gone and I was not able to find you for the rest of the evening. Mention your name so I can avoid junk mail.Well, im not even sure if you will see this, but i decide to write it here. I was helping a friend to look for bags around 6:30. and you were the guy helping us. we have a little conv and I think you are cute. Please write to me if you think thats you/Hey.  I sorta danced with you a bit.  I don't think English was your first language?  I had a Long Island Iced Tea.
Tell me what you asked me so I know it's you! :pTo the pretty girl in the Union Square subway station:
We found a $100 bill in the subway on December 15, 2013. You thought it was counterfeit and didn't want to keep it. I kept it. It's not actually counterfeit. It's real money. Let me buy you coffee and I'll give it back to you. 
-MikeI was out front shoveling. You drove past and we waved. You're a goodlooking guy. Nice wife too but I'd really like to hang out alone sometime. 
Let me know what color car you drive and the first letter of my street so I know it's you.Hi Lindsey if your reading this you know who i am . I let you go 4 years ago . It was the hardest thing i ever done in my life. Especially because i cared alot about you and i wanted you so much . I just felt like i had to put you first . I know it sounds dumb . But in my myself i had no confidence or self-esteem .And i felt unworthy of love . I started judging myself and all the negatives thoughts came in . Thats what caused me to let you go . 4 years passed im not that guy anymore i believe in myself. Im not perfect and im still working on things . But i know i can do anything i put my mind to. You Changed My Life ! Words cant say what you mean to me. I have faith that ill get you back . And when i do . I Love You Until My Last Breathe ! ''Love Conquers All '' So Lets Hope My Love Can Erase My Mistake . And Bring You Back To Wanting Me .And you could find it in you to forgive me . Heres To Faith ! How about another chance with Lindsey !On Thurs morning 12/12, I got on the 7 Express at 61st-Woodside around 9am. I saw you  (blue eyes, reddish hair?) standing, facing my direction, wearing a beanie and hood with black boots and reading a book. I also had a book, I think we were the only ones on the train who had books, and I wore a black peacoat, grey beanie, and I had a backpack. I thought we caught a few simultaneous glances and then we both got off at 5th Ave-Bryant Park, and since you were ahead of me in the crowd, all I could do was see the patch on your backpack that said 'Kowabunga Kid', which seems to be a band from Illinois (if you ever want to catch them live in NYC, I'd be more than down, they sounded good on Bandcamp haha).u were working the floor, u were thin and so cute
i was by the door and u said hi and i acknowledged u
i was with someone but u came back and looked again
u sttepped out the store, i wanted to follow but i couldnt
please get back if u see this
u seemed fem and i would love to talk to u outside the store
i was muscular latin older guySaw you working out today with some buds (Sunday, around 6pm?) at Planet Fitness, and could not help notice the VERY big bulge in your sweatpants. You: 5'8"ish, dark-skinned, hot & muscled. Me: 5'5" bearded Irish dude in shorts/leggins, on my back working on my chest with freeweights when I first saw u.
Let me take care of that bulge! Experienced in these matters (hehehe lol)... NSA/just for kicks.we were on the slowest elevator in the world - i swear it. 
you had grass fed filet and a jar of tomato sauce. im tall and have brown hair- it was in a braid that day - i took my headphones off to talk to you but then i chickened out.I have always loved you.
...................................................................................................................................................Wanted to ask for your # but didn't , u were wearing a white puffy jacket and white hat , we talked about the Giants game we both came from and u helped me figure out the  train schedule.. Doubt u will but if u see this email me back ....I was wearing a long maroon coat and I have short brown hair. You were walking with a friend, as was I. You had a ponytail, I think, which is what drew my eyes toward you. I think we made eye contact but you were wearing sunglasses so it was hard to tell. I wonder if people ever read these things?You were sitting at a table of about eight people, which I assumed was your family.  You're blonde and were wearing a headband.  You brought up "The Secret Language of Birthdays" as a topic of conversation, and you're also a vegan.
You seem like a down to earth and intelligent girl.  I thought you were beautiful, and your veganism makes you even more attractive.
If you see this and are interested, tell me the type of restaurant we were in tonight (Sunday, December 15).Saw you on the #2 train heading uptown.  You got off at 72nd street.  Tall Asian male, good-looking.  You were leaning against the door.  I was young black female reading "Learn Hangul".  Are you Korean?  Do you date black women? :)We were both standing at the prepared foods counter on Sunday 12/15 around 8:15pm. I ordered a small container of brussels sprouts and you appeared to be on the search for dinner. You looked so familiar...I almost said hello...
I was wearing a gray down jacket, tall brown boots and have brown hair and eyes. You are quite tall, dark hair and I noticed your gray converse because I own the same pair. I am almost certain that you will never read this but I'll put my faith in the universe. It would be wonderful to say hello.When I see you at the w 145th downtown stop of the 1 train, my day is off to a perfect start.  It could be raining and snowing, or crowded and hot, but if I see you there, I will make it through the commute and the 10 hours of meetings and number crunching ahead.  We're usually at the stop around the same time, on our way to work like so many others. You are tall and slender, with light brown/blondish hair and you always dress neatly, simply, but with style.  In the summer, you roll up the sleeves of your shirts to your elbows and wear a Timex military watch.  You seem very calm and serene, almost as if the world around you, all the noise and messiness, was not there. You're a pool of peace in the chaos, luminescent and quiet.  In the cold weather, you wear different jackets; you seem to have a large selection of them. 
In the train, you often read the free papers that are handed out by the entrance. You sometimes crack your fingers and pull them, as though the muscle of your hands were tense from exercise or sports.  Sometimes, your mind wanders; your brown eyes have the look of someone who is momentarily experiencing an imagined world.  You lean against the tube that straphangers use to balance, your wrist pressing against the tube, your hand and long fingers just hanging over the metal, not actually wrapping themselves over it.  In that short segment of the ride above ground, the sun hits your forearms and the hairs on them shine in different colors, blond and all shades of brown.  The same polychromatic myriad of hair sometimes peeks from the collar of your shirt, or in a softer form in the back of your neck.  Above ground you sometimes pull out your iPhone and read from it, then put it away. You bob your head slightly, almost imperceptibly to the music you hear through the headphones.
Sometimes, as I exit the train, I look back to see if you see me, but you never do.  You're always swept away in your thoughts. I can't help but wonder what it is you think about.  Perhaps it's nothing meaningful, just to do lists for work, or your home chores.  If you ever said hello to me, I would probably die right then and there.
This all sounds silly and mildly weird, but I'm only writing this to say that I appreciate your presence and your serenity.  Someday, maybe, we'll have talk to each other. . .  So, until we have something to say, thank you for beautiful beginnings of each weekday.  I will see you next year.pancakes or waffles 
either option not awful
though both yummy & sweet
happily the company is the treat 
yep, high 0;pOk. I am a fool for not saying hello, but I turned into a small girl with butterflies and got really nervous- so unlike me. You are incredibly handsome--- I was heading upstairs, you down. Then we were inches apart at registers next to each other. You had dark grey sweats, boots, and a hat on. And an infectious smile. Can I buy you a drink?  Dinner?looking stunning in your white skirt, you coincidentally walked by 3 times, forgetting something perhaps? i was smoking in front of Chavelas. exchanging smiles every time i wanted to introduce myself but clearly you were headed somewhere. if by chance you see this long winded ramble, feel free to say hello. 
do you believe in coincidence? i surely don't, happy holidays!Excellent analysis and good advice up to a point. But there's no guarantee that if the guy sheds her and his career takes off and he becomes a success, that this will necessarily register in the mind of the ex-GF.
You can do 'everything right', and 'still be wrong'. Some losers you meet..are in a tailspin of their own making and they will insist on following it right down into the ground. They can't make the right decision, ever. No matter how clear the lesson or how oft repeated; they don't learn it; they still have to take the wrong road. You can't sting them with regret afterwards and you can't lure them back to their senses no matter what great things you do with your own life once you leave them. They don't want to re-join you; they don't want to get back aboard and live wisely or sanely.
No matter how sincere your love was, nor how deep. It doesn't matter to these self-destructive fools.S - 
Such fun meeting you at the Toys for Tots benefit on Friday night!  Sad the eve was cut short but would love to follow up. . .Perhaps the universe will be aligned and this one-in-a-million shot will work to reconnect. 
My fingers are crossed. 
- KYou should know, that even just those few moments that I was able to sit across from you and gaze upon that beautiful face was the purest and truest of pleasures.
I recognize that such intensity may well be the very reason that you never responded to my last text. I understand... The allure and mystique of the aloof. Am I a fool? In your presence of that there can be no doubt. 
Under your hood as the wind wisped and cut, the glint of your eyes and shape of your face so perfect. Surely other men have seen this too, perhaps other men greater than I; more deserving than I. Or perhaps you saw, though I tried my best to hide, this heart beating out of my chest. That I had to make haste because I was breathless. Shaken.
 It is, most likely, as simple as it seems. That you're "just not into me"; and that's okay, I am not a perfect being, but you still are a good woman irrespective of that fact. 
This is my message in a bottle, in the proverbial sea that you will never see. The words that I could never speak about a love that will never be. 
Most pathetically but most absolutely truly
-Looking for a sub that is into being humiliated and giving up financial control, financial slavery, maybe even financial ruin.  I will train you to serve and please me. Over time, as our relationship and trust build, I will ask more and more of you. Eventually I will expect full control of your finances. 
if this interests and excites you, shoot me a message.Met in sauna but you had to leave. I'm a mwm in hood that can occasionally host. Let me know if interested.I Know you will read this!!
I saw you at the Wholefoods store, and we exchanged eye contact briefly by the cashiers. We then met again on the L train platform. Again,,we exchanged glances. You noticed me noticing you. No, you noticed me unable to take my eyes off of you.
Your eyes and nose (yes, your nose) made my day.
You are such an elegant lady..and it was so simple and effortless. I love your hat too.
To prove you are you.. mention the color of your jacket, what I look like, and how/where we parted.I had fun talking to you on the G yesterday about my short film and how the G can be an untrustworthy friend. Unfortunately, we had to part ways but it would be good to see you again.Hey man
we were in the locker room and then you got undressed and your huge veiny thick dick rolled out I couldn't believe another white guy had a dick like that
I'm a 6' muscular masculine bottom who wants all that raw cock in me
I want to get in on that - stuff all 10 inches deep inside me
hmu with your pics and lets do thisWow. In shape, friendly, and really, really hot. I love you ladies.
Looks like I'll be exercising more often!Tuesday, 10/29 around 7pm we were taking photos of the BANKSY painting at Housing Works. You had a nice camera and took alot of pictures. You told me stories about the artist and his work. You made me laugh. You wore dark rimmed glasses and have light hair. You said you lived in the neighborhood, but used to live near the Bowery where his 'Grim Reaper' install was. You are really funny and cute. I would like to see you again."High"
Hope you're feeling good.
Waffles 4U
Pancakes 4 me
Lol
♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡This people are crazy!  What's up with court all the time? 
This people even don't see how ridiculous they are! So much guilt, Jeez!
You psychological mutants, protect each other from guilt!
St. Judge Judymagenta is the color of the dust that dances 
in between the branches of 
the green 
trees 
which sit in the shade of the golden sun
and orange is the color of 
sunshine
before the droplets of blue rain soak 
the earth a deep 
rich brown
and a rainbow is a temporary optical 
illusion of light
reminding us that the earth
is full of magical
things
just waiting to
happen
mindgallery . twitter . beatboxbliss . tumblrYour music slides in slowly through the side door 
a soft pitter patter with 
a gentle beat 
and like a taste of honey creamed thoughts 
softly blowing through the trees 
and towards the 
west
we walk quietly through the moonlit night
our toes knowing more than 
words can 
say
Mindgallery . Twitter . PoetTreeProductions . YouTubeYou helped my buy a gift in the store where you work on Saturday.  Would be fun to meet up.This real beautiful girl sitting on the E train going towards Jamaica. Kept looking back and forth, haven't seen someone that beautiful in so long. The way she smiled when we laughed together....A cousin of mine went through the same thing a few years back. The woman was a mean bitch. She was dating other guys while still emotionally dragging him along. I guess she saw something in him that she liked but still wanted to change her dislikes. Anyway, he broke free from her grip, worked hard and became a successful banker. He got married last year to a great woman. You have to move on with your life, she'll do the same when she finds someone better. There are many out there to choose from. Do NOT waste anymore time on the one that is giving you the cold shoulder or making excuses, look for someone better. It is obvious that she doesn't have any real feelings for you, if any at all. She probably thinks you are beneath her, so, work hard and become successful, that way you open yourself to more and better options of women in which she might not qualify anymore.Death hugs you
than foresakes you
for fucks sake
what is it going to take to break you
sadness makes me peak
as lust loses its streak
yearning for far off land
scoffing at lifes demands
when is my master plan
time will make any honest man
act as if you've been deprived
of something else god contrived
fake emergencies 
tend to our urgencies
if we disperse
what will we see?
inside the street 
a useless beat
let us be
obsolete.Worth a shot. We were at the gym today. Passed each other a couple of times and I kinda sensed something and maybe a few extra looks than normal- ambiguous, I know. Anyways, we were both working out in the early afternoon. Send me a message if this sounds familiar and describe something to identify you experienced this as well.Today i had what I've long for Damn near since childhood, just the two of us alone to talk. Then you drop a bomb on me, telling me you are leaving. Fucking completely shook up my grasp of things. Damn, the emotions, the impulses, creating this blur in my vision. I'm hurt, and you may never know. Thanks for letting me vent craigslist, chances are she'll never see this, and besides this still doesn't change nothing. My hearts been hollowed, god knows, so why pray, I'll continue to wait, wait for the day.Do you know him?  If so, please refer him to this post.  I'd like to say thanks...Your "non date" thought that you and I were having a missed connection, and he said so.  That has inspired me to try to actually make it happen.  You are beautiful.  I know -- it's a ridiculous longshot.  But why not;  you seemed pretty great.  I would have loved a chance to say something before you left, but the situation did not allow it.We met on the Brooklyn-bound 3. I wanted to know more about you and your picture. I was very sorry to have to part. Just put what the advertisement was for in the subject line.why the harder i try the more difficult she becomes.  She can be inconsiderate and mean, but when i didnt take her seriously she was right by my side...  WTF>?  i really like her but the resentment is really getting to me.  Why care when all women do is treat u like a jerk for caring?  I really like her!  HELP!  143Today afternoon. I got ride from 65th st station and got off at grand ave station. white lady looked at me and raised finger. I was wearing glasses and neck-scorf and blue head cap. I was lean on door and you were sit near to door. if you read, reply me.Sorry I shut the cab door!
(Craigslist says the above is too short -- but I think it's all that's needed)Businessman well financial independent looking for a fun sexy female that you can enjoy housekeeping,companion and stress relief for the Boss. Willing to pay your rent and all your expense, as long you keep the boss happy.Please provide two full body sexy pictures and phone# with your response.I see everyday in the A train going to 207 .........I think your are so beautiful and in treating if you thinking you know who you are sent me a massage I all ways get off in 181 st we allway in the car...........Any bottom want to get fucked today? if so hit me up.
I'm fit, masculine, good looking, normal, std free/hiv- and only looking for the same.
Must have a nice smooth bubble ass, under 35 and play safe.
I can host or travel.Was it just me or did we have a moment while crossing 6th avenue at 8th street?  Or maybe you are a member of PETA and disapprove of my fur vest?
I waved, you waved, it was a Christmas miracle.  
Email me.When a friend shapes your soul. Their grace my gratitude.  Formed by feeling, a touch. My theory of what was. A brush with something beautiful, a whisper of love without words. Friendship. Respect. A hope for one's happiness. A holiday never spent and safety without contact because it complicated feelings.  Loving without condition. Praying for you today and always. Perfectly imperfect.I was returning back from grocery shopping, saw you walk in my direction. I saw you look at me while I passed you by :). Let's get to know each other. If you think this is you let me know what I was wearing. You had a friend right behind you.I sincerely apologize for what I had texted you the other day. So much is going on in my life that doesn't make sense, and not being able to speak to you when I need t speak to you, is well frustrating.  I know you cannot be there when and how I want, after all you do have to work. I should not have allowed my frustration to cloud my judgment .
 Again forgive me.hello single man looking for a couple to do a threesome   nonsmoker and super clean and  D D free mo bi im stright   her pleasure onlyI have seen you a few times at the gym and we always seem to be in the locker room at the same time. Today we were relaxing in the sauna for awhile when you left unexpectedly. You may not be into me, but damn you are hot. Let me know something that we "talked about" or something else so I know it is you.I got on the Downtown C Train and saw you sitting waiting for the next train with your dad and brother perhaps? You couldn't have been more than 18. I had on glasses and you caught me looking at you through the train door window. When you smiled your beautiful smile at me I got butterflies. I hope you see this and respond and to see you again. You are so lovely to behold.Businessman, well financial looking for an sexy assistant for companion and possible more. Be able to have free time during the day driving together for meetings, lunch and dinners with clients. Provides car and place to live for free. Pay over $ 20 per hr. Please provide a picture and phone # with your response.You deliver to the store where I work. I see you almost every morning. Sometimes we talk, sometimes we just stare at one another, sometimes I see you have a bulge in your pants. If I could I would offer to blow you in the back.  I look like Santa and live 5 minutes away here in Freeport. I just want to take you home with me and suck you dry. Ad is also good for any one else working or living in Freeport. Prefer younger and wellbuilt. Reply with photo and stats and when you need servicing.You were s o sexy and gorgeous with ur nice beautiful shape wearing a black and blue jeans with some spikd black boots with nice long black hair.  I saw u pull out a samsumg phone. If u read this I want you so bad I didn't know why I didn't talk to u but these guy interrupted with dancingI had a great time last night, I met both og you and had a blast...I didnt ask for ur number which I regret...hopefully u find thisDear Craigslist,
I am in need of help. I currently live in NY and am yearning to see my partner who lives in California. We frequently travel throughout the country spending time with each other;however our financial inadequacies might prevent that from happening this time. If anyone would like to be generous and compassionate enough to pay for my plane ticket to see her I would be extremely grateful. Even if no one does, I hope this post invokes the compassion into everyone reading this to sacrifice yourself for others throughout your lives. Have a splendid day!Ms. Kaity- 
It was nearly two years ago that responded to my ad:  yes I do want your panties.  Several rendezvous later, I had several pair.  How I enjoyed our exchanges.  If only I had not misplaced your email.  Perhaps you'll see this ad and too long for an exchange.
-Christiantiff if you see this it's popeye holla back..also please send me some pics thx we have been sending mes to each other on sex dates..i am not a gold member so we can't really talk or make plans there..hey Camille, we met 2 Saturdays ago, as you were leaving..you said you lived only 10 mins from the job you were on that nite,,we talked, shared a cig...dumb me never asked for you # or a screen name...my bad...now I can't get you outta my mind...please reply back..thx  h..............I was lost, freezing, and soaking wet in just a tshirt. Slowly sobering up, no way to get home, you paid my way onto the subway and took care of me, helped me stay warm. I wanted so much to just stay on the train with you, see where the world took us.
It pains me to realize I'm not even 100% on your name, I believe it was Sarah...
I hope you're out there, and if you see this, thank you so much. You are an amazingly kind and beautiful person and I wish nothing but the best for you. If you'd like, I'd like to thank you in person, starting with a coffee and good conversation...Hey saw u this morning and followed you to the train to Roosevelt island, and I wanted to give u my number but didn't get a chance to give it to you. I left my number on your car this morning.  Tell me who I was and what you were wearing?Avgprepguy we used to hang out from time to time and have some hot fun your email doesn't work and been looking for you for some time if by weird chance you see this get back to me thanks.Work out in the after noon ur Latino or mixed
You and I stay looking at each out I caught looking at me n I think u caught me looking at you too 
In the locker rooms 
you n I look each other n nothing I don't noe if ur into guys or not
You handsome tall like me we both fit let me noe wat I was wearingThis is my first time posting on here..  Before I knowed it, I was sayin out loud, "The hell with it! There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do. It's all part of the same thing." 
.. So here I am.
You were reading in the window of New York City Bagel & Coffee Shop in Astoria. My friend and I peeked in the window and mouthed, "What are you reading?" I was excited to see it was Steinbeck.
Just wondering what you think of the book.Hi there. I am looking for a thick latina,  around 5'7 or 5'8 who takes the 6 train to 22 street.  You have long straight, light hair. Sometimes you pick up lunch from emmas. I think you are so beautiful. Wondering if you're single.Hi
We met on Court Street I held the door open for you we smiled at each other, I regret not saying anything. describe urself (I think you were married)I would've been happy to light your cig for you. I like girls who smoke.  You were dressed in black and had interesting eyes. Caught me unprepared...just my luck!
:0<3
...................................................................................................................................................We both got on the train at Canal street and sat across from each other. You smiled at me. I shyly smiled back and looked down. You got off at 14th street and I looked out the window but you were gone.
Write something so I know it's you.You: A blonde and a brunette, working out Sunday around noon.
Me: Brunette guy who kept trading glances with both of you. You both gave me a smile when we left, and I feel like a doofus for not going for it. 
Hit a guy up.HAPPY SUNDAY
LOOKING FOR A MASC PLAYBOY IN THE AREA 
SEND UR PICS AND DES PLZ
PREF LOOKING TO PARTYPLAY420..BOOZE,ski,Mollyz let's play 
ME IM A FEM NON PRO GRL HERE BROWNSKIN5'10MEDI BUILD170 clit stick9" ALL IN 
RIGHT PLACES 
IM HERE HOME IN TIGHTS AND HEELS ,long CURLY BLACK HAIR ALSO SHAVED BODY D-free YOU BE TOO 
NO BS UR EMAIL GETS MY ATTENTION MUST SEND PICS THO
HallaHey,
You workout there regularly and I tend to see you on the weekends.  Sometimes we wind up in the steam room together.  Discreet, not out dude here and wondering if you are in the same boat.  Def made eye contact with you a few times. If you see this hit me up and we can chat.I'm hoping this works. We exchanged a lot of glances Sunday morning while working out, and in the locker room. I'm older than you. You have a lot of great looking ink.You were dressed in a black leather jacket, grey cap and mittens, jeans and grey Converse sneakers.  You were carrying a bag of stuff you had just bought at the Vitamin Shoppe, including a tub of Muscle Milk mix.  You are very sexy!I missed every opportunity to step to you. You are beautiful,and I want to know you. Mature white hipster looking but not hipster dudeYOU: TALL, BLUE-EYED, WEARING A BROWN T-SHIRT WITH DROP IT LIKE IT'S HOT ON IT.
YOU'RE SO SEXY! I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR YOUR STORY. PLS DO GET IN TOUCH IF YOU SEE THIX. THANKS!We had adjacent lockers this morning at the Dodge Y; joked about how no matter what time, you wind up with people all around you changing.  You were the guy with salt and pepper hair and the very nice body.  Would like to chat more.It was great talking to you on that cold Friday morning. I regret not asking you for your number, and I'd love to chat with you again.
My hesitation might've been caused by the "thoughtlessness of a sleep-addled brain." (This little snippet from the snooze-button article you'd mentioned, as we were all fighting the contagion of yawns, seems rather poignant)
Anyways, I hope your Christmas shopping went well!Around 12:30am last night, outside Jane Hotel, as you got out of your cab, I asked if I could take it.  You offered your hand to help me over a huge puddle and into the cab.  I was wearing a bright green jacket and hat; have blonde hair.  Cab driver was a nice lady...
Email if you're interested in connecting! :-)Hey you- never caught your name but you cracked me up last night with your monkey bar action and your charm.  You said I should get a Kindle and you and your two girlfriends were on your way to E.116th and second ave for your friend's Bday party.  I'm the girl in the red coat with the monster-sized "Girl who kicked the Hornet's nest" book.  
So, I think these clues should be enough to spark a recollection. Reach out if you want to keep talking- my stop came by a bit quickly.Hey, this is Meraj. I'm a student at ND and for my Christmas I have planned to go for a short trip to NY around Manhattan for 3 nights. And looking someplace to crash. I would pay up to 40$ per night. But the most interesting point for me finding new friends. Actually I miss my family and I don't have any friends here. So, I don't want to spend my Christmas front of the TV. I would be there 27 to 30 December. I never was involve any kind of crime. I don't use drugs. Just socially drinker and straight in ....
Well, I'm 27 years old enough responsible and mature. Please contact me if you are interested to find new friend and spend ur Christmas for good.
I'm looking forward to here u guys.
Thanks.
MerajYou were in a black benz - very pretty.  We looked at each other a few times, and then again as i drove off.
I'd love to buy you a coffee/drink - what was I driving?I was taking a picture of the snow covered landscape as you passed through my frame. You commented on my vintage camera as you walked slowly towards the bridge. The image came out great if you'd like to see.first time.like to try a 3some  love sex & open for more,
I am whit male  5"11/148  hosting possible.Hi.
 I started a new nude maid business.. Now does not mean you have to be nude.. We are looking for woman that looking for work. Need extra cash. This is a good places for you.. if you interested e-mail us, and we will set up a interview with you..  you can make from $0 to $1000 a day. Thank you for your time..you were the cute coat check guy with glasses on (my) left side the of the table.  I was the asian guy in the black mesh shirt.  We talked really briefly, but I was in a hurry so I didn't have a chance to give you my number.  
so hey. :)I was just wondering what happened ...i miss eating ur ..... i know i was texting you all the time but it wont happen again  just let me know if you still want me to pick you upWe sat across from each other on an uptown 6 train Saturday evening around 6:45pm. We exchanged smiles and glances as the wasted but humorous Santa chatted up the older Italian gentleman.
I was with my friend and was in a black jacket and hoodie. You wore a hat and got off before I did.
You are beautiful with a smile for the ages. I should've introduced myself.WE WERE HANGING OUT INSIDE  THE CLUB IN THE   HOTEL IN NEW ROCHELLE WE KEPT MAKING EYE CONTACT ALL NIGHT ....... I THINK YOU ARE HOT YOU WERE WITH FRIENDS AND PROB COULDN'T TALK ........ HIT ME BACKHey ladys im today hiring on ma female that need help with they money n dont need to post them self on cl or web
Well today we are taking ladys 18 n 50
Looking for a out going Girl
Ready to work. 
On time n on date
About there money
Dont care about nothing just the money
Looking for any type of girl 
What ever kind
JUST GOT TO BE CLEAN 
Wat got to do 
Give head 
Fuck
N get head
ASS IF U WANT FOR MORE BUT REALLY DONT NEED TO
YES WE HAVE CONDOMS 
The mans that call ma phone are private also pay good money and u play in door out the crib. Also get pay the same day and get cab pay home also buy ur close and food
So to join hit me up email me name number n photo 
ALSSO I DONT HIT MA LADYS THEY JUST GET SPOILT.N JUST BE CHILL
SO HURRYTo the cop in Stapleton we were talkin and you said I look like a famous football or basketball play I thought u were checking me out so I started to check you out I'm dl gl n clean and s where u so if this is you hit me back and let's chill sometimeCame in with co-workers and you took care of us. Nice guy, talkative, big smile. You are lean, dark hair, some facial scruff and I think I saw tattoos. Very friendly guy and I could not help but think you were focusing on me a bit. I'm not out otherwise I would have slipped my number. If you see this, would love to talk more.we shared a couple of warm smiles while looking at each other at the holiday show on 12/13.  I was wearing a tan jacket with a blue shirt.  I was with my neighbor, so could not come over to say hello.  You were speaking German with a young girl in a blue sweater.  Will we connect?<3
...................................................................................................................................................You were a beautiful blonde woman, with a mistletoe pattern on your dress. You were chatting with a girlfriend when I walked in at about 2:00am. A couple of guys hit on you, something about a bass player--and your friend rebuffed them. I had no desire to horn in on your evening, especially after that. So, when I felt you looking at me, I dismissed it as my misinterpreting your stares. Our eyes met three times. And it was electrifying. 
When you guys left, the door man came over to me and asked why I didn't see that beautiful girl staring at me. I had no idea. I wish I'd known. 
If you by some miracle see this and know it's you, contact me. I have long hair that was in a ponytail that I shook out. I was sitting at the end of the bar. You were drinking what looked like a vodka-tonic, your girlfriend a wheat beer with an orange in it.Driving back, 5am in the morning, listening to Bjork, it's foggy outside.
That's how I feel at this present moment, foggy, dark, undecisif..
I got to make a decision, a big one, not sure what to do.
. . .
I had to stop writing, went to the kitchen, opened my fridge and drank from the bottle of wine that was left, taking it with me to the bathroom while i put a hot shower on I slowly take another sip while taking all my clothes off. I undue my white and black bra and panties, my garter holding black silk stockings.. And jump into a hot shower I was waiting for. So hot, pouring all over me, I feel so free when I feel water touching against my skin.
. . ..
Some of my clients ask me, why don't I like the Spa Option; it's very simple, I think water is so intimate, so pure, so sensual.. And being in a jacuzzi with a stranger that you've known nearly couple of minutes ago, does not feel right it feels quite awkward.
. . ..
I put a t-shirt on, my exes white t-shirt that fits me further to the butt checks. It's white plane with a V neck, I love V neck shirts, slip some plane lace panties while holding my Brunello bottle half empty.
I understand that wine should be enjoyed, especially a Brunello Di Montelpeciano 03, but tonight I am drinking straight from the bottle, that's what I need at this moment. . . I need to take those sips slowly. . . I need to share my sips from the tip of my tongue with someone intimate, someone pure. . . I miss realness. I miss honesty. But in the same time, what is real honesty and realness when you are surrounded by an illusion of perfection.
Taking those sips, sharing them with Mr.X, while Mr.Di Montalcino slowly drips throughout my breasts. . . Licked, touched, admired, kissed, caressed, penetrated. . . My hands grabbing Mr.X hard, very hard, while I moan taking every sip of that fine red wine that he is purring on me. Enjoying every touch, taste of each others bodies..
. . ..
I need to find mr.XThe Shoprite on Commerce Road in Stamford was packed on a Friday night with people preparing for the snow storm (me included). We locked eyes in the organic aisle and in the dairy aisle. Loved your casual sweats and white tee combo which showed off your buff arms, perfect for carrying your little basket. I was the tall black woman dressed in all black with glasses...asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaYou are very much missed! Although we didn't speak, it was great seeing your handsome face.
Miss you!We were both on the queens bound Q train and had to exit the train at 57th st/7th ave to wait for the next train. We waited FOREVERRRR! You were wearing jeans, sneakers (i hope your feet weren't soaked!), a navy and off white ski jacket, and a black northface backpack. You're probably about 5'9", short dark hair, around 30ish.We made eye contact multiple times on the platform-you even moved closer to me before getting back on the Q to stay warm. You sat looking out the window in my direction. Once the N train finally came, I squeezed myself in. Why didn't we say hello? If you know this is you, send me a message telling me what I looked like/was wearing. I hope you read this!INT. G (Church bound) - Night
YOU: Sitting down in ALL BLACK; hooded black jacket that reminded me of "Dark Helmet" from Spaceballs, black pants and matching black boots...and I THINK you were Oriental...I'm guessing half Korean?!
ME: Filipino bearded, soaked man standing up wearing a black hat, olive green jacket and boots.
I glanced at you, you glanced at me...yada yada yada...GUESS WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?!
These two dudes who looked like they failed their training at Cirque du Soleil walks in front of me, blocks my lovely view of your face and they commence their LEG STRETCHES. THEIR STRETCHES WERE PRETTY HARDCORE TO THE POINT WHERE I HAD TO LOOK AT THE CEILING TO LAUGH IT ALL OUT.
So there I was, laughing at the ceiling while these men stretch their loins to their hearts content and you....nowhere to be found.
If you or anyone manages to relate to this post...one question: WHY WERE THEY STRETCHING?!You visited your friend at his bar. I work with your friend. Man I'm into you. Let me blow you, you won't regret it.Eh, why not...
We both got on at Canal Street a little after midnight (Saturday) and shared a pole. You, a brunette with incredibly light brown eyes, listening to something on white ear buds. I had a beard, glasses, black hat, and was reading a book. There was a smile somewhere in there, and I'm pretty sure you caught me looking once or twice.
The Jerk accosted our future friend somewhere around High Street, and we exchanged "Really...?" glances. Future Friend joined our pole shortly thereafter for a brief commiseration session after The Jerk got off at Fulton. You got off at Clinton Washington, while I puttered along to Franklin...
Had we gotten off at the same stop, I would've proposed a nightcap. Perhaps a literal "rain check" is in order?<3
...................................................................................................................................................looking to purchase viagra in fairfield county/new haven area.  not looking for a lot; just 5-10 pills.  if anyone has any to sell, please hit me up.Saturday morning at 10:30, we were both waiting for the train. You're a curvy blond, and I'm a brown-haired, blue eyed guy. I kept looking over at you and saw you smiling because of those sitting across from you. We both got off at 96th, though you transferred to an express and I just headed out.
If you think this is you, tell me what made you laugh.I was hoping you would allow me to carry your bags and begin my servitude. You were in a rush. I hope you will contact me so I can be your submissive. Please allow me to present myself.Enjoyed the performance, and especially after, at 10pm. Wow, that was hot, especially the walk up the stairs with all those people! Wish we had more time and a longer kiss.My friend and i were walking down rivington and we saw you almost slip i asked if you were alright and continued walking , i had said goodbye to you early and saw that you were beautiful but didnt realize you were walking behind us the entire time, you said something and i responded with you can follow me anytime :)
I really meant it, i liked your umbrella what kind was it?You worked a Saturday event and we caught each other's eye a few times. I meant to talk to you after you became less occupied, but you disappeared. You = Asian woman, Me = African American male. Reply with a business name or location. Lets chat.Last year I moved to New York and was introduced to this coffee shop by my family. They have been going here for years and I now have become a semi regular customer. I am not a regular because of the food. I enjoy coming in to see you. I only have time to stop in on Saturday or Sunday so I do not know if you are there during the week, but you always seem to be working on the weekends. I have never caught your name because I find it very difficult to talk to you. You are absolutely gorgeous. It is a hit or miss when I walk in the door whether or not you will seat me and take my order. Sometimes the other girl takes my order and I try and sneak a look at you when you refill the coffee pot, take peoples orders or grab the prepared food to bring out to the tables. What I want to say to you is Hi... ask you your name and possibly take you out for dinner. The problem is whenever I seem to say anything to you, I trip over my words and say something stupid like "Good morning!" at 1 in the afternoon. So far all I have said to you has been; Good Morning, Hello, Thank you, I'll have a black coffee, (What ever I order that day) and Have a great day!  One day I came in with my little cousin and we believed we heard your name called which sounded like Nala. I have yet to confirm if this is your name, but I have been referring to you as Nala (my secret crush for a year and I am sure you do not know). In my mind, you have guys constantly talking to you, trying to get to know you and I just do not want to be one of those guys. So instead I eat my "breakfast" silently, maybe ask for more coffee and leave quietly. I will probably never say anything to you for the fear of saying something stupid. So instead I will do the next best thing and post my weirdo thoughts on this internet. You look amazing with you hair tied up, glasses on and rushing about the restaurant to serve all of you regulars. Maybe one morning I will have the guts to ask you your name.Like to have a job
Salary $1000 per week
If u have a job for me email me, please
I'm intelligent, smart and multi task
I speak English, Spanish & PortugueseHi I know this is a long shot but we were talking before court and I was to shy to ask your number If you read this please respond with what judge we had and the day we were there or what we were at court for :)Hey, saw you cruising down " ". You winked at me. I didn't know if that was an invitation for fornication. But whatever, totally down to hook up with sum local sugar. 
I was the Hispanic guy with the Nike t shirt and blue track pants.I asked if you were a dancer.
You told me your name was Jackie.
Snow on da bluff lol
we got interrupted by some dude.
where are you??????We have been going out in my head since I was 12. We have aged and grown together. You are my safe warm place. I daydream about your fictitious character when the world gets dark. I think about us watching a movie that changed both our lives or how we back each other up in conversations with other people. 
You are about 6 foot tall now. Short black hair with a bit of a fringe. Your skin is sallow. You dress well but you don't let ''hipster culture'' define anything you do. You like photography, and making music. You like Grouper, Health and japanese math-rock but you also have a long running teenage soft spot for the Goo Goo Dolls. Like my soft spot for Incubus. We both love to listen to Crack The Skye and just lie on my bed and talk and touch. 
Your eyes are friendly, your character is warm, your sensitive but strong. You appreciate me as much as I appreciate you and I trust you to care for me. I trust you. You don't mind that I cry. You are infinitely deep and love to discuss the nature of the universe late into the night just as much as I do. You are an innovator. 
When I feel down, you make me salmon and water melon cuts with a glass of coke and we watch Lost In Translation for the millionth time. We like staying in. We like going out. We like cycling. 
We plan to move to Japan someday and raise our kids in the suburbs of Tokyo. Art is not a hobby for us. 
Our sex is intimate and monogamy is our fetish. We love to explore each other and love to experiment. I am in love with your butt and sometimes you get jealous. A young Shannyn Sossamon with the mind of Charlotte from Lost In Translation and the musical aesthetic of noise rock.
And for some reason you like tall, bald, skinny dudes with large noses?!?!?!
Your name is Zoe in my day and night dreams. It could be anything out here. Do you exist?We met at the store and shook hands. Feel like we had a moment anyhow I would love to know More about youSup dude. I don't know if you even go on here lol I don't but I thought id give it a try. 
Right before closing you hit the showers at the same time I did except I got out earlier. While you were drying off I noticed you were kinda showing off your "goods" lol I'm straight/curious. Thought maybe you were too. 
Send me pic or tell me what sneakers you were wearing. Would like to chill sometime.Some experience is hard to come.. Like looking at you. I rather live an abnormal life..like eating fast food while waiting for you to appear.. so I can capture it, again. My life has a healthy dosage of abnormalities so far.
- guy with the suityou- asian guy.  me - gwm, glasses, brown hair. we were both in sauna tonight-sat-around 9:30 when a drunk guy came in and you left quickly and then left the place. saw you leave, and wished we'd had a chance to say hello. drop me a line if this makes sense.I saw you again. Rich and obviously doing well. You stole a part of me. I was delirious and drifting in and out of the hallucinations. I don't think I'd ever have that experience again. Letting your life be defined by something,,,that thirst and hunger,,, 
To lived in constant wanting of that something...
- no sex, no love, homeless<3
...................................................................................................................................................God help me... I just wish I could find, just one older woman, who truly and honestly understood me, without her, ever thinking, that the kind of spanking, that I have this missed connection with, has to do with just sex, cause it does not.  Sincerely so distant and misunderstood.You were seated in the corner of the back room in Starbucks on the northwest corner of the un sq park. You were alone on your phone around 430/5pm. We made eye contact twice as I was near the milk/sugar table. We both felt the attraction.  You were beautiful and with a smile. I was with company and wasn't able to say hi. Though I would have loved to. Would be great to meet for a coffee and meet the woman behind the beautiful smile. Feel free to write and let me know a bit about yourself to know its you. Talk soon.Hey,
We met in the train station this morning at Central Park North/110th Street. You were getting on the 2/3 train heading downtown and I was going uptown. You stopped me because I was wearing a University of Arkansas baseball cap. You pulled out your Razorback ear muffs.
I said "I'm sure I'll see you around." Hoping you see this. I'd love to hang out with another Arkansas person.I got on at Roosevelt ave. I stood by you as you sat. You wore a fedora type hat, I had an orange bag. We exchanged glances and had small talk when you got up at Jamaica Van Wyck. How I wish I got off to talk to you. You are so very pretty and soft. Really mad at myself for not trying. I have a great job and would luv to take you out. If you are a Latina who reads this and would like to meet, please contact me.You were eating alone at a cafe in the east 50s.  We talked for a few minutes.  I would like to take you out and get to know you more if you see this.  I think we live in the same area.  Educated, professional type, work in finance.you are a tall lite skin Spanish/ Mixed guy with glasses and curly hair.  You were working on legs today.  Caught your eye a few times.  Hit me up if you see this let me know what you were wearing.Hey - you were the soccer player working out tonight until closing.  Hit me up here if you want me to help you out with your sore muscles.This time of year suddenly gets me down. It's been almost three years since you left without really saying goodbye. One day, you were gone. After it happened we talked, but I was still angry. I was angry that you would abandon me that way. I guess you didn't think you could come back, or perhaps you didn't want to, but I would have let you come back then, and I'd still let you come back now. I miss the way we used to lay in bed on nights like this, watch Netflix and chat. I miss your smell, and the way your beard felt against my skin. More than anything I just miss you, and I wish you were still here. I made mistakes back then that I am truly sorry for.I offered to help carry your stuff - you were struggling with a bunch of things.  I didn't expect you to smile so broadly and so warmly... you were so nice. I hope you see this. And that you're single. : )Slightly chubby bottom looking to travel, will kiss, suck and take cock in my ass.  Can't host but willing to travel through this terrible weather.  Let me know what your interested inI am still in love with you.
 Good luck. Tonight at midnight your true love will realize they miss you. Something good will happen to you between 1:00 pm and 4:40 pm tomorrow, it could be anywhere. Tonight at midnight they will remember how much they loved you. You will get a shock of a lifetime tomorrow, and a good one. If you break the chain you will be cursed with relationship problems for the next 2 years. Karma. If there is someone you loved, or still do, and can't get them out of your mind, re-post this in another city within the next 5 minutes. Its amazing how it works. Re-post this titled as " I'm Still in Love With You" and whoever you are missing will indeed surprise you. Don't break thisHey, I was the girl you offered your seat to, you know the one who declined two times before actually sitting down, haha. Had we seen each other before that time on the train? I had noticed you were smiling at me, and I thought I knew you from somewhere. I had on a red dress, if you can remember. You had a pretty smile. And eyes.I never do this, but hell with it...You are tall, in great shape and so am I. We first met alone couple weeks back in the steam at UWS. We got worked up and then were interrupted. It was very hot. You wanted me to leave with you, but I couldn't. 
I saw you again today - this time in the GC steam, but didn't realize it was you until I saw you getting dressed in the locker room. Wish I would've recognized you in the steam. I would've sat real close.
Let's do this.
Tell me why I told you I couldn't leave with you at UWS that day in your reply so I know it's you.We are a sexy, fun, black couple looking for a nice lady to experience our first 3some.
You must be clean, discreet, fun, and willing to use protection. You can be married, single, mother or whatever. It's your privacy we respect that and want you to do the same. Please be 24-50 yrs old.
You have to love anal because I give a lot of attention in it. You and my lady will be taking care of me, do as I ask and I will give you the best orgasm you've ever had.
We host every time we meet. It's a NSA thing and no money involved, only fun as big serious people do.
Please answer with a pic and grieve description.
Thanks.You were a dark haired dark featured guy. Some sort of redish collared shirt peeking out of your black jacket. We caught eyes across the room many times. You were browsing books on the tables on the main floor with I believe a friend by your side.I met a lady named Jackie at the McDonalds inside macy's yesterday. I thought you were attractive and seemed as if you had a great energy about you. We chatted for a bit. You were telling me how a girl from Virginia came out to nyc. You were at Macy's looking for a bridesmaid dress while I was there for work. I wanted to ask you for your number, but I was a sweaty, hairy mess, and just didnt have the grapefruits to ask you to see if we could meet again. I hope you see this. It would be great to meet someone and have a great time in the city, even as friends.It was around 3-315pm I was waiting on line at the Scarsdale post office when you walked in 
Husky good looking guy fairly young maybe mid 30's - we made eye contact twice 
You had jeans on with a gray/ dark gray Jacket- we waited on line you grabbed your phone 
From what I saw you had a ring on you finger. Maybe your curious ;-)
I saw you drive off afterwards on a white mini vanAs I woke up with morning, I couldn't help but feel a little melancholy.  I heard a song on the radio last evening that resonated feelings of loss and regret, and thought if maybe I had made changes earlier in my life, things might have turned out differently for me now.
I'm also thinking that if I might be able to share my feelings and maybe make an impression on just one person's life, this will all be worth it.  For those of you women (and even some men) that are living in lives of abuse and are still younger and vital people, please think about this.  
I am middle aged right now.  When I was younger, I began a journey of abuse in my relationship, and at some point really contemplated getting out, but for some reason decided to stay "to try to make it work," but it rarely ever gets better, usually only escalates and gets worse.  After it gets to a point where you think that maybe being dead would be better alternative than living this life you have chosen for yourself, you might finally decide to get out, and with that, maybe also have this belief that things might finally get better after all.
Please don't end up being one of those people that just wastes so many years hoping for change and that someone else will change too, when if you had "gotten out" early, you could have spent a greater part of your life so much more healthier and happier.  It's no fun waking up one morning to find yourself middle aged and alone and struggling through life (maybe being a single parent), dealing with life's tests, and even having to deal with the challenges of things such as dating when you're older, and miraculously, maybe just maybe finding a good relationship at that point. . .sometimes called "finding that needle in a haystack".
Just food for thought.  Don't let all those good years get lost by not believing in yourself and your own importance, allowing yourself to achieve your goals, and also finding good things and healthier and happier relationships for yourself.  You really are worth it.  I'm just regretful that I hadn't realized this earlier in life.You were the well dressed blonde at the table directly behind me with some friends. I was the long haired redhead, tall. I kept thinking you would approach me but then a former flame of mine arrived and I think you got the idea that we were together. I tried to catch your eye and pass you a note with my number but you left quickly after giving me a little salute. Let's go for a drink?You were wearing a plaid shirt. you are cute.
Tell me which bar in soho.
....  .... .....  ...... ..... ...... ..... .....I met you of airg, you took my mother out to eat and you dropped me off at my boyfriends house on park ave. I would really like to get in contact with you.Your team was at one of the left lanes, mine was in the middle.  When you got done you saw me looking your way as you headed to the men's room.  When you came back out, you walked around the bar to walk right past me on the way back. I wanted to say hi, but you seemed intent on your phone, so I chickened out.
I'd look for you next week, but I'll already be gone for the holidays, and I dunno if you'll be back next season. Hope so. And if not...or even better.... hope you see this and drop a reply....Probably a long shot, but worth a try: I've noticed you on the gym floor lately, usually weekday evenings. You're maybe 5'10", white, spiked up hair, great lean, muscular body. I've seen you wearing tshirts from the Chicago marathon--are you new to New York?
I keep meaning to say hi and introduce myself, but you always have headphones in and I don't want to interrupt. I'd love to meet you for a drink or coffee sometime. I think you're really cute.
(And in case he doesn't see this... Anyone know anything about this guy?)Hi,
We both got on a Brooklyn-bound 2 or 3 train at Penn Station. We ended up sitting across from each other, and I thought you might have been coyly checking me out, but I wasn't sure. I certainly took notice of you. 
You were wearing a blue and white scarf, a navy blue North Face jacket, green jeans, and snow boots, as well as a very distinctive pair of large, clear-framed glasses that gave you an owlish look (in the best way possible). You were carrying a technical-looking bag that seemed like it might contain photographic equipment. 
I was wearing a black wool coat over a navy blue hoodie with black trousers and a very beat up pair of brown boots, and I was carrying an unmarked brown paper shopping bag. I have squarish tortoiseshell frame glasses and messy brown hair that had been under a hat all day.
I really wanted to give you my number, and I knew I'd regret it when I got off the train at Borough Hall, but wasn't sure at the time how to do it without creeping you out. If you see this, please get in touch! If not, well, I'll have to be bolder in the future.Looking for this woman. Seen her on 6th 42nd St. Anyone who recognizes her in the vicinity and can help me locate her please let get in touch with me.hey we met in the Bronx you came on my truck we went to bk  I bought u white t shirts went to my house we talked after I dropped u off was suppose to go to boston for your b day,,,,just wanted to say im sorry hope u see this  you even called me a while later  plz if u see this email me  took me a long time to wake up again im sorryHola soy un chico travesti q busca un rato de placer soy muy discreto y no me gusta meter en problemas a nadie y yo tambien quiero discrecion puedes hacer conmigo lo q quieras y cumplir tus fantacias me encanta q me dennlengua en el toto, no mando fotos de mi cara por  seguridad estas son mis fotos reales si te gustan mandame mail y si no por favor no me hagas perder el tienpo gracias......Hola soy un chico travesti q busca un rato de placer soy muy discreto y no me gusta meter en problemas a nadie y yo tambien quiero discrecion puedes hacer conmigo lo q quieras y cumplir tus fantacias me encanta q me dennlengua en el toto, no mando fotos de mi cara por  seguridad estas son mis fotos reales si te gustan mandame mail y si no por favor no me hagas perder el tienpo gracias......Hola soy un chico travesti q busca un rato de placer soy muy discreto y no me gusta meter en problemas a nadie y yo tambien quiero discrecion puedes hacer conmigo lo q quieras y cumplir tus fantacias me encanta q me dennlengua en el toto, no mando fotos de mi cara por  seguridad estas son mis fotos reales si te gustan mandame mail y si no por favor no me hagas perder el tienpo gracias......Hey good looking italian m here looking for some fun, ski and 420 always good. if you want to know more just e-mail me. i have pics too.We kept staring at each other, I had on a black beanie and wore brown circular glasses. Green Peacoat. You got off at Atlantic Avenue Barclays Center. It was around 11 pm. Friday the 13. 
Message me! My name is BradI really hope that for some random reason you do a search and come across this post. I'm the tall brown girl with big glasses in a green beanie, green coat and grey backpack. You're the tall blonde guy with a ponytail, black beanie, brown glasses and green coat. You were standing behind me while we suffered in the freezing cold to see the infinity mirror room exhibit this morning. I was really hoping that you would say something to me because I wasn't brave enough to try to strike up a conversation with you in front of all those people. Plus I wasn't sure if the girl you were talking to was your girlfriend or someone you met in the line. We locked eyes before I went into the tenticle room exhibit but you were so far away. Honestly, I only went back to see the paintings again hoping that you would say something and as soon as I worked up the nerve to try to approach you, you left. I really hope that by some really long shot you come across this and we meet again.Hi,  we met on Dec 13 at wines and spirits.  You impressed me with your interest in wine.  Your name is Gary.  I am Theresa. Hoping to meet up wit you on Friday after work for some wine tasting.  I enjoyed your company.Hey, You were so hot today with G. i was at there today. It was nice to see you there again. We say hi to each other. You so hot lo. You work behind food area. Reply back telling me what I was wearing, what I looked like, ect. so I know its you.we exchanged glances several times and i caught you looking at me... i would of spoken to you but i thought the guy you were sitting next to was your bf... now i regret itYou had on black spandex & aviator shades with a blue tint... you got on the 6 train at park ave 28th and along with me got off the 6 train at union square And then took the 4 train and you got off at borough hall in Bklyn... god I wanted to get my mouth on you so bad... your body aroused me and I would of loved nothing more than to orally pleasure you & whatever else you likeYou - Wearing a green and white striped sweater at the front of the second car of the 8:37 NJ Transit train to Trenton on Friday night. You were playing Candy Crush, and you work for a medical advertising firm. Me - Across the aisle, with a beard and glasses, and a recent NYU graduate. I happen to think you're cute. Talk to me?This was about 10:30 Thursday at NYHRC on 13th. you could tell I was admiring you upstairs, and it was quiet when we got to the sauna. You ate my asshole out while I lay on my back on the bench. maybe it was the heat that relaxed me, but your tongue felt like it went straight up my asshole. i pushed against the wall over my head to push myself down deeper onto you. I felt your nose push up against my taint while you pushed further up there. this was totally unexpected and i've never posted here, but...we were interrupted (kind of completely caught) and i kind of freaked out and took off. in the meantime, i've jacked off about this a dozen times. you totally tongue fucked me and i'd let you do it again.Hey,
You're the tall dutchman (I think) on a date (I think) sitting next to me. I was with my friend and his two kids. At one point they were hitting me and you laughed about it. My friend said we should change seats. 
I thought you were breathtakingly handsome. All I could overhear was you talking about your brothers and sisters, which was cute too. I felt jealous for not being on that date with you!
I know it's impossible that you see this, but thanks craigslist for letting me vent my frustration!
I'll keep my eyes open in case you live in Chelsea...You came in and took the seat next to me, but I didn't take the chance to ask your name. I should've asked before you left, so now I'll just have to hope that you look on here.....Hey there. I hope it's not my wishful thinking .... I think you're a Latino looking man listening to the music first sitting diagonal from me but you change your seat later. I had a few bags with me and a backpack( which you had too). I would love to connect . You gave me a look before getting off , I hope I hold it long enough for you to get "my message". Tell me what stop did you get off? Thanks.We met in a club on Friday and spent the night at yours. 
You laughed when you found out I was much younger than you. Still in town for another week and I'm unusually crazy for you. Contact me.I asked you about the Binghamton University Sweatshirt you were wearing.  I'm not sure if you're interested in guys, but I thought you were incredibly cute, and would love to chat more.  If you see this and are interested, please get back to me.
ThanksI asked you about the Terence Koh shoes and then the Jeremy Scotts (essentially the most skill I can muster at flirting - although, to be fair, I did purchase the Koh's). Not sure if you were just being polite - if you were, then you're great at your job, so congrats! - and if not, then I would love to talk more.Had what I thought was a little extended eye contact with you when I came in to get a panini earlier today. I'm tall, black, and totally into your type.  Tell me what kind of panini I got or what kind of hat I had on, and let's see if we can have a little fun. Damn you are cute!We all needed directions and seemed to meet by fate at once. You seemed so nice and outgoing. I have never met someone so passionate about hot chocolate in my life:) I'm trying to move back here from Cali and people like you are the reason why. Super cute --You were so fucking funny and thats what I need in my life. Even if we can just be friends I want to talk with you again!!!we met last night.... tell me more......
you were in such a good mood... i can verify who i was..I was in bagel plaza today and met a gorgeous blond women .. And I say women because your not some teeny bopper... But a women...I know based on looks and demeanor there's no way you even know about Craigslist but felt compelled to say I wish I had asked for your number<3
...................................................................................................................................................Does anyone kno her ? Or where she is she is about 27 or 28 now.  Had a daughter and had very short hair very pretty
We used to date lost touch.   She worked at Ferrara bakery and florios    In little Italy.Hey Mike, would love to try and reach you again...email us with info about where and what we did..
Cindy & Tomyou were a PA on a film. Red shirt, glasses, former NYU student. you are so pretty
I was waiting for the elevator....
hit me up :)you were a PA on a film. Red shirt, glasses, former NYU student. you are so pretty
I was waiting for the elevator....
hit me up :)I WAS ON THE SHUTTLE BUS, WE GOT ON AT LEFFERTS AND LIBERTY AVE. WE WERE STANDING NEXT TO EACH OTHER, I ASKED YOU A QUESTION, YOU ANSWERED NO, YOU GOT OFF AT GRANT AVE, I WANTED TO EXCHANGE NUMBERS WITH YOU BUT IT WAS TO CROWDED ON THE BUS, WHAT DID I ASK YOU...NO ROBOTS PLS, THIS IS A  REAL ADD AND REAL SITUATION..asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaHi, I was with two of my daughters on Friday, having fun in the Children's Books exhibit.  Tell me what we were doing.  You'll know!  I wanted to talk to you, but with my girls with me, what could I do?  As they say on here, I know this is a long shot, but what the hell.trying to recover from that homeless guy. 
love the way you kept adjusting your fat cock in your sweats.  lets make this happen.I was standing next to the towel fridge on second floor near the spin studio, drenched in sweat.  Blondish hair, blue jacket.  Talking to a girl.  
You were standing in line for a group fitness class that I wish I were taking so I could meet you.   Tall fit guy brown hair big eyes. Blue sneakers. We made eye contact a few times.  
Would love to say hello.You should have known. People never cheat on one person. They cheat on three - or perhaps more.
You cheated on two women, even though what you said was "When I am with you I feel like I'm cheating on her." Pardon me, but you cheated on me as well, because apparently you were never totally with me - a part of you was with her. But even more important, you cheated on yourself. You cheated yourself out of integrity, which I always thought, apparently mistakenly, was one of your strongest points. And if you confessed to her, she probably shared that thought.
Yes. You should have known, since your ex-wife slept with someone you thought was your friend.
And yes, K, this is for you.Hello, this may be a long shot, but I spoke with you briefly on Friday, December 13th in regards to a gift certificate and you told me to go next door to the take-out part of Papa Joe's in Darien. I have been to Papa Joe's other times with my family and you were our waitress. The last time I was there with my family was in June 2013 to celebrate my grandparents birthdays. I was not able to find a good time to talk with you to see if you are single and if you would like to go out sometime. Anyway, this is a long shot, but if you read this post, feel free to respond. Ciao!I saw you  waiting for the F Train, it was delayed ,you were standing dressed in black, brown coat and a back pack, you looked so pretty, i wanted to talk to you but i was afraid of being rejected, when we got into the train you were standing by the door, you got off at Bergen street and i watched you leave, please give me a chance to get to know you.... If you did notice me ,what was i wearing....DO NOT REPLY IF YOU CANNOT ANSWER////I was eating a bagel drinking apple juice on the lorimer platform - you had a black hat and a black coat - saw you til Jefferson when I got off the train - i looked at you. 
we should have said hello. 
i am drunk. 
have a good night. 
would have been better had you gotten off the train.Looking for a slave that is truly into giving up complete control: physically, mentally, financially.  I will train you to serve and please me. Over time, as our relationship and trust build, I will ask more and more of you. Eventually I will expect full control. 
if this interests and excites you, shoot me a message.I'm looking for an older woman that would be interested in having a relationship with a young man. we can start off as friends then take it from there. I'm completely serious. I have a very open mind and fun to be with. I do have a high sex drive so I would like a woman that has one to match. 
text me
Three Four Seven_____five zero Seven____ eight two three  sevenHi, 
We passed each other on Tuesday 12/10 at around 11:30 a.m.
We just held the glance as we passed.
You're a cute brunette and were wearing salmon colored pants.
I have brown wavy hair and had a tan cap on my head and a green trench coat.
You were probably on your way to the ( 4, 5 or 6) train and I was walking toward Broadway.
I'd love to meet you over coffee or dinner.
If you see this and would like to connect please do.You were brushing your long honey hair and we smiled. (grey Toyota?)
Looking for more?You were wearing a New York Dolls jacket at Goodbye Blue Monday last night.
You were sitting at a table with your friend while I was playing.
I wanted to strike a conversation but you left after we were done and all I got a chance to say was that I liked your jacket. Hope you got home safeI see you hot young doctors walking around with a big bulge at the hospitals, always ge turned on, wish I can play with you guys!!! sexy docsHello))
If you are slim write me with your pics
I'm 27 hispanic 6" sport body and its that im looking for meet, friendship, sex. I am 6", 170lb, mediterranean boy, dark brown hair, 8"cut. I looking for slim boy (18-29 yrs) for sex at my house write to me with your pictures with the face, torso in front view............................................................................................I spoke with you twice, briefly throughout the night. You were really cute! I wish I got your number before you left. Let me know what I looked like in your response. Hope to hear from you. :]We used to see each other all the time at your place off park. You were blonde and beautiful. We had so much fun but lost contact over time. I tried to contact you on aim but I guess you got rid of it. If you know who this is, send me an email. Hint my name ends with a y.Friday night L
Me as me, on before you
you as you, on at 3rd ave
doors opened 12:30a
eyes, eyes
you off at bedford
eyes againStephanie from the Miron Party. You were by far the most beautiful girl I have ever seen on the planet Earth. And I mean that sincerely.LOOKING FOR BLACK/LATINO TOPS FOR MOVIE SATURDAY NIGHT. PAY $$$
We are looking for black/latino tops for adult gay porn movie.........................................................................................Way back on 5/8/1998, I attended an 8 PM showing of Miss Saigon during a school trip. I fell asleep. There was an Asian couple next to me and I unknowingly used the woman's chest as a pillow. It was pretty damn embarrassing, and I commend you both for not having me removed or kicking my ass or something like that. Anyway, I'm kinda doing this whole "My Name Is Earl"-esque karma list right now where I go around trying to make amends for stuff I've done wrong in the past, and for some reason I remembered this. Hey, not every mistake has to be some huge life-changing thing. Sometimes you just feel bad about relatively minor stuff. Anyway, sorry if I ruined the show for you. My apologies.
In my defense, I was really tired.I know this is a Long Shot, but "Hey you never know".  I was at G Lounge last night on 19th St in Chelsea.  As I was walking out of the rest room, I walk over and introduced myself to you.   We spoke for a few, you told me that you were from the "Mid West", and now you live in" Harlem USA".
I told you that I live in Brooklyn, you replied back by letting me know that "All Your Friends Live In Brooklyn", and that you do not have any friends that live in Harlem.
I ask you if you had a number, you pulled out your cell phone, and gave it to me.  I dialed my cell number, but for some reason the call did not go through, there was no missed call on my cell phone...So I did not get you number.
If you come across this, HIT ME UP.  
So I know its REALLY you, tell me something about me, that you remember.I was in Ikea tonight, 11/10/13 between 5pm and 7pm.  You had on a pair of Black Polka Dot High Top Nike Sneakers on.   If you come across this, it would be great to connect, meet up check the vibe.
Hit me up, tell me something about me, so I know its you<3
...................................................................................................................................................We were both running along the streets yesterday (Friday) morning when I said to you, "I wonder if we're both running for the same train." And sure enough, we were--at the W4 stop. We ran together a block or two--you in sexy black (leather?) pants and heels, me in--well, I'll let you tell me what I was wearing if you see this/ remember me. You were a charming brunette with great legs and an impressive ability to run in heels--which I complimented. I made it down the steps first, and my train hadn't arrived yet, but yours had, so I held the doors for you, and you made it on, and (presumably) made it to work on time. Tell me what train I held for you and what I was wearing? I'd love to meet you for a drink--but I think you're buying. ;)Lenox Coffee, AIDS benefit/Christmas party. I was playing. We kinda stared at each other. Anyway...
Hope you're reading this.Hi if you read this . Just want to say it was ok . I made it on the next train. We were waiting on the platform around 7 something on 72nd street .It was crowded i had on a hoodie and was wearing glasses. I let everyone on . I couldnt get on. You and your friend tried to get me on but the doors closed. You started saying sorry. I thought you were real sweet for that . Now i wish i got on . Thanks though i appreciate it .Its a long shot but if you see this email me . I would like to talk to you . Take Care!We had adjacent seats. You were with a bunch of friends, so was I. 
You have either dark brown or auburn hair. I had a trapper hat on.
We talked about what the music reminded us of and you left at the last song before I could ask you out for coffee.
I enjoyed your company and would love to see you again!You made me smile.  Our call was recorded, i had to be professional.  :)  The call dropped, but I hoped you would call back so I could continue helping you; just to hear your voice again.You are the good looking guy wearing jeans and a grey jacket, about 5'7", nicely proportioned.  You were going to get off at Ditmas, we made eye contact and you stayed on the train.  I was the white guy in the suit and tie and black/grey scarf.
I wanted you to come sit next to me, but you motioned to get off at Avenue I.  It was not a good time for me to stop, but I wanted to talk and try to make plans.  I'd like to hook-up if you are available some time.I see you everyday at the gym for the past 2 months, as you work there. Being in my zone I have to say I missed a few of your attempts. So let's stop this hot cold vibe we both keep on giving off and do something. When you have a few moments jump on machine next to me or corner me. Heck if you might read this email me.To the man who yelled "Hey Sinead O'Conner," to me tonight I'm sorry I didn't talk to you I was in a bad mood. We were on 27th and Park. What was I wearing?You offered the 1 train conductor a donut. He declined. I didn't. 
Wish I'd have laid off the treat sooner so I'd have noticed how handsome you were before the train doors closed.This is a long shot.. But I'm looking for a cop named Eddie.. I met him the other night... He was a state trooper...I was too shy to ask for your number because my boss was standing right there.. But I have to say you we're very cute... I'm hoping you will see this... And maybe we could get drinks sometime soon..You laughed at me getting my zipper stuck. You got off at Lorimer in BK and I should have followed. Hope I see you again...For who is this? I am sure many woman are panicking after reading your post, just like me. LolHey. Hoping to find you. We got on the L train tonight, Friday the 13th. I got my zipper stuck and you were laughing at me. You got off at Lorimer and I wanted to follow, but chickened out. Here's to hoping you find this.You are a tall cute guy. You were wearing green pants, a longer jacket, and...were those boat shoes? You had roundish glasses. 
I'm a short girl with black hair with a blonde streak. I was carrying a Utrecht bag with a canvas inside. We kept looking at each other. Almost sure of it. I got off at Jefferson. 
Maybe you'll see this.We were both on the uptown 1 train. I was standing by the door. We both sorta had a simultaneous double-take. Thought you were cute, but not sure if you were interested. Asian guy here. You had a CK puff jacket over a (blue?) hoodie. Would love to get together.You were in a red jacket and we looked at each other so many times on the bus though we never made eye contact. When we got off, you headed for the Chase bank, while I had to rush to get to work. If I didn't have to I would have tried to follow you even though that probably would have been creepy. You were so damn fine! Wish I could go back in time just this once. I hope you get this message.First off, I'm not a chick looking for a dude.  I'm posting here because he's straight and maybe he, or a friend of his will see it.  I had a friend I met years ago through World of Warcraft and I fell out of touch with him.  We played on Eredar server and his character's name was Abracadaver.  His name is Dave, he's in his twenties, went to NYU and he's Jewish.  His father died several years ago.  If anyone sees this knows him, please tell him Chris (Kullnajim/Nazkrull) is looking for him and give him this link so we can Facebook or something.   Thank you to anyone who helps.Tonight we're doing it again.
Two of the most upscale & elite couples & single women parties known, merging under one roof. . 
And offers our exclusive members the best of both worlds.
Upper level: "HATS OFF" - Experience the extreme night life in our large gorgeous lounge area. Where there's dancing, byob, huge bar, and a staff that provides the utmost elegant service.
Lower Level:  The New "AQUA LOUNGE" - A very unique and exciting venue that people are signing up, and coming in from all over the Tri-State area to finally experience the first and only venue of it's kind.
Come by tonight. Even if it's just to see what all the talk is about.
You'll be astonished with what you see.
Where attractive Couples & Single Women of class can go to meet others of the same. Hang out by the bar, in the lounge area, dance the night away. Or maybe later relax with people you meet in the Hot Jacuzzi, Pool, Saunas, or Steam Room.
 Or you may have the interest to mingle in our large, elegant, and intimate play room or any one of the numerous private rooms we have available.
This is an event venue that's truly one of a kind.
And is already the talk throughout NYC and the Tri-State area.
Our soul desire is to exclusively bring elite crowds from all over to come meet others of their own statue.
An Exclusive Lifestyle beyond any other.
We attract and invite only people of class, elegance, personality, and of course attractive and weight proportionate crowds. Unlike some of those hole in the walls out there that let anyone in off the street.
All sign ups and profiles are strictly screened and may only enter upon review and membership approval.
Reservations are quick. Just visit and create a profile (including a picture of both) on either:   
Hatsoffcoupleslounge dot c o m     
Or  Aqualoungeny dot c o m
You'll immediately receive an email response.I feel silly posting this, but I really enjoyed talking to you Tuesday night. I sincerely apologize on behalf of my friends for drunkenly falling into you all evening. 
Also, turns out you know some Spanish. 
I regret not asking for contact information. Thank you for providing stimulating conversation throughout my evening of drunken babysitting.I walk by you all the time, looking in. Youre really cute and used to work at Starbucks in Fleetwood.We were both riding the #27 bus to WP and got off at the same stop. I let you get off ahead of me and we both walked to the same place. I went into a certain store and you stayed outside. We made eye contact 3 times. You're a young Hispanic guy, 20's. I was the tall black guy.
Tell me where you got on the bus and what store I went into so I know it's you. I'd like to get to know you.Boy, I'm just not really good at throwing out a suspect pick-up line, especially in the middle of your workout.  You were at NYSC in Greenwich tonight around 7:00 working out in zebra-like leggings and working your Iphone.  I was nearby (working hard enough!) and I cast a few glances your way.  It would be nice to say hello over coffee or a drink?  Let me know what I was doing for my workout so we can get off on the right foot.
Ciao,You: Tall, blonde hair, handsome 
Me: Tall, black hair, naked and festively painted. 
I winked at you from high atop my pedestal.Around 8:30 pm I was dressed to leave and in the locker room and you were in shower area and we looked at each other a lot while I got ready to go, you were in towel, great body and blue eyes  hit me up with what I was wearingAt the Roundabout Theater performance of "Bad Jews" - we were sitting in the young, cheap seats in the back of the Orchestra. Although the audience was a little weird, we both shared a long stifled laugh at the elderly woman was the only person in the entire theater to laugh at a certain joke. You left before I could say anything!This morning (12/13 Friday) you got off at Fulton street, you (WM) are tall, wearing strong glasses, jeans, black shoes, brown jacket, grew beard a few days.  Me asian, watching (staring at) you via your reflection thru windows. We eye contacted right before you got off the train...We locked eyes for a long moment while our paths crossed. Your pink yoga mat caught my eye, and then your incredibly handsome face and dark beard. You're so damn cute I couldn't not stare. It seemed you liked what you saw as well. Reach out if you see this.I am an attractive woman living in NYC (it's relevant or I wouldn't be putting down such a thing).
I have men that follow me around Whole Foods, stare at me on the street, stand next to me at lights, looking over, yet never, ever say a word.  Not one word. Not even "hi."   I'll even say hi myself or smile, but nothing.
Trust me, I know it's INCREDIBLY difficult and there's A LOT of rejection out there, but it would be so nice (and refreshing) to actually have a guy start a conversation with me...like they used to have to back in the day.  You never know if that woman you're admiring is single and would be more than happy to have you ask her out.  No one can believe that I'm single in a city with so many people, but I'm guessing it's because we're all so busy and there's just that big threat of rejection looming.  So, we walk past one another, rushing home to nothing.  It's kinda sad.
I'm just putting this out there...the next woman you see on the street might be single, might be happy you spoke to her and she might be your next awesome girlfriend.  Just talk to her.   
Just try it...You were next to me in the locker room and on the elevator, swearing a striped sweater.  We caught eyes.  I think you're super hot.  Message me!You were hailing a cab to JFK while sporting a fresh pedicure and a great smile!
This was around 3:40pm on Hudson & Barrow. I hope you had a safe flight and your toes warmed up.Around 11:45pm Saturday night (12/7/13), you were walking up Washington St with your friends. We passed each other at Horatio St. You had your heels in your hand, a beautiful smile, a wonderful laugh and the cutest bare feet. My heart skips a beat when I think about that moment on that cold night.You worked as a caregiver for a friend of mine.
Would love to talk with you. 
Please contact me through the Craig site.You worked as a caregiver for a friend of mine. 
Would love to talk with you. 
Please contact me through the Craig site.You were waiting for ten minutes with me on the J/M platform around 820pm. We shared disapproving glances about the woman giving unsolicited subway safety tips to people while letting her kids play "tag" on the platform. She got on my train. You didn't. You stepped in and realized you didn't want the M after all. Too bad. I'm going over the williamsburg bridge now and it hasn't stopped. Anyway, you're cute.You, charming bicyclist who skidded sideways and fell on the street.  Me, concerned girl who ran up to ask if you were okay.  You,  kind to give me an extra pair of fingerless gloves.  Thank you for making me warmer and less of a grumpy polar bear.It was Friday night (12/13) just before 6 PM. I was leaving the station and you were heading in but stopped near the metro card machines. I think you were looking for something in your bag or pocket but I looked your way and smiled. Much to my surprise you saw me and smiled back. I thought you were really pretty and you definitely brightened my day with your smile. I should have stopped to talk to you, and I'm regretting not! I'd love to talk with you and meet again sometime. I hope I at least brightened your day a little. Hopefully you'll see this! If you do reply and let me know what either you or I were wearing.We made eye contact and you immediately opened your coat and let me look at your big bulge in your suit pants... Was a very hot exchange, I was rock hard..  Would love to unbutton your shirt and pants and see what happens..At midtown burger joint...appeared you were clearly flirting but I cldn't respond...give me a few details on you and situation...We met just over a year ago.  We enjoyed some time together.  You like Chocolate Vodka.  I bought a bottle just after that to have for the next time.  I moved but am still in the area.  Would love to connect again.  I still have the vodka. I lived in Weehawken at the time. You live in Union City, I think.  Tell me a little about yourself, or your line of work.You were huddled behind your space heater in the MT booth.  We smiled at each other a few times, said hi, and I ducked my head, still smiling, and kept walking. Your voice followed me with "why are you running away?"
I would've come back but I wasn't sure if you were flirting to sell or flirting to flirt.
I hope you were flirting to flirt. 
I walked by again to talk to you but you were on the phone. 
Let's smile at each other again soon, okay? Hopefully in a warmer place. :)I noticed you maybe 1 or 2 stops before you got off. It was about 2:30-3ish on the L train heading toward Manhattan. You ended up bumping into me while you made you way through the crowd. I may press charges, 'cause I think you stole my heart! Lol! Just kidding ! Would definitely like to take you out for coffee though. No way you'll ever see this but what the hell. Anyhow, if you noticed me what was I wearing?I was hoping to hear from you yesterday. I don't understand why you don't open the window just a crack. Will we never see eachother ever again?  
You must be meeting better men than me. Don't worry,  I'm letting go...
You leave me no other choice - but I still miss u...So you again after many years, you looked great. Wondering if I missed a connection. Hope to hear from you Bernadette.   TommyWe were on Brooklyn bound Q train after 5pm today. I got on Atlantic Ave, you were already there..sitting. We had a little brawl in our cart. I was standing, reading my iPad for a while then put it back in my bag. I think we kept looking at each other more then once or twice but shy away. Then I got my seat next to you. You: tall, red hair, very pretty with no make up, were listening you iPod mini and had a paper  gift bag between you legs. I wish I said something...you got off at Shepshead Bay 
Would love to reconnect and introduce my self, maybe over a cup of coffeeAs I was about to get to the shop, you had just finished getting you cut.  You were a goodlooking tall slim bro in sweats.  I was hoping you were peeping at me on the L and that you live close by.  I do.  This was yesterday...We were on a PATH train headed for Newark Penn Station and got on the came train car. You were reading  Flora Rheta Schreiber's "Sybil." Before you became engrossed in the book, you looked over at me and smiled. You were very handsome, and apparently well read. I'd like to meet up and discuss the book, possibly go out on a date.
You: 6'1ish, Black (chocolate complexion), brown eyes
Me: 6'1 Black (caramel skin), brown eyes)
In your response email please tell me what I was wearing so I know it's you and a attach a photo. I'll respond doing the same.You smiled at me through the window and we exchanged a few words.  I have an idea if your up for it n u see this.  Describe me/you a bit so I know it's u.  ;)I am a 32 year old professional white female. I am "the boss" at work and I am sick of being in charge all the time. Let me be very clear, I am looking for drama and string free satisfaction. I have a very healthy sexual appetite and am looking for someone who can keep up. I am very open minded and looking to try new things. I have enjoyed some bondage but my favorite is simple physical restraint. I am not weak by any means so if you don't have any muscle then you need not reply. I prefer men of color but if you can get the job done then race doesn't matter in the least.
A bit about myself...I am 5'6 with an athletic build. I have brown hair just past my shoulders. It is the perfect length for grabbing. My eyes are blue and I prefer to be looked in the eye when you are talking to me or pleasing me. I take pride in my soft skin even in this cold weather. I also maintain a clean shave at all times. I have been referred to as a lady in the street and a freak in the bed.
If this sounds like a job you are willing to take on please reply. Don't ask for a picture right away because I won't send one until I know you aren't crazy. Please feel free to send pictures of yourself as proof that you can satisfy. Use the subject of "The Boss" so I know you are for real. Hope to hear from you, the sooner the better!!Hello You are a Sublime blonde with an aura surrounding you that has captured my attention and has me smitten for you. You got on at 86th and got off at Grand Central. You were blonde wearing a Moncler coat hat and gloves skirt with stocking and were smelling your hair on the train. Would love to get to know you and see why your aura and sublime beauty and nature have me smitten and if my sense are correct. Hope you see this...mustered up the courage to post here. Looking for someone similar: shy,  bit nerdy, cute. Not judgemental here, just be easy to get along with. Let's experiment, let's explore. No strings attached, no holding back. Just fun, lots of uninhibited fun.
I'm in a bad situation, but have a special needs child that is the world to me, and won't even contemplate changing it. Please be discreet.You are the good looking girl I see on the J train and you get down at Broadway station. We had this short eye contact when I entered the train this morning (friday). Let me know which station I came joined you!  So when will you be done the police academy?HELLO MY NAME IS ANDY. I'M LOOKING FOR MY FRIEND NANCY IKE. IF YOUSEE THIS POST NANCY  SEND ME A MESSAGE, OR IF ANYONE KNOWS NANCY, PLEASE TELL HER TO CONTACT ME. NINE 1 SEVEN 7 EIGHT 0 FIVE 0 ONE 1.Your beard was so thick, it made me wonder about what else could be thick about you. You were on the N train today wearing grey sweats. I was the girl with the lavender scarf. You made eye contact with me but didn't say anything. Contact me, hottie.You work at JP Morgan or were at least at their holiday party Thursday night 12/12 on W 46th. I don't work for JPM myself. You looked about six feet, white, short dark hair, black pants and a white button down shirt that showed off your impressive physique very well. Face-wise, you sort of look like the actor Matthew Rhys from the TV shows The Americans and Brothers & Sisters but better built. I was in all black. We made eye contact a few times but didn't speak so I don't know what your situation is. I didn't see a ring on your finger, or maybe I just missed it. I was trying not to stare (which, trust me, was really hard). You'll probably never see this, but on the off-chance you do, I would love to meet up, grab a drink or coffee, talk.We were at the same event today - maybe exchanged smiles?  I've seen you on the train before, headed up to Washington Heights.  
I wanted to come over to say hi, but you were busy with your colleagues.
We both were there for work, so that made it harder to say hi.
I know this is a long shot, but maybe you will read this and write.
(and if you write -- describe what the march was, what I was wearing, etc.)I walked into the biscuit shop. You were there. I couldn't tell if you were a figment of my blackout, or if you were just a gift sent by the biscuit gods. Your hair seemed to be styled as if you were walking out of a Beyoncé video ("Flawless," obviously). You put your arm around me as I waited in line and your vibe overpowered the sweet, sultry scent of biscuits. Suddenly, was I there for you? Or a biscuit? Is this what they call serendipitous? Are you my John Cusack?
I'll be holding a boombox outside of the biscuit shop blasting "Africa" by Toto, because it reminds me of your swagger. I don't know when, but when it feels right, I'll be there. You, me, biscuits, and "Africa."I arrived at Jack's near Madison Square Garden around 11 or so, this morning. We glanced at each other as I was waiting for an older lady to pass the aisle so I can go through. I gave you a smile and you were nervous. I went upstairs and I saw you were there also, I was hoping you were going to say something but to no avail :(. Then I went on line to pay for my items and you I was behind you. I saw that you purchased three or two neon green pillows. You were very handsome and I hope you see this, if not then I'll pray we'll have that random encounter very soon, and this time I'll stop the crazy Holiday crowd to say "Hi!". If you do see this, tell me what I looked like so I know it's you :) Thank you!Cute African American woman waiting for the bus on Monday. We spoke briefly. Should've asked for your number. You were wearing a "dope" hat. I was working. Tell me what my job is if you happen to see thisI saw you on the checkout line today 11/14 and noticed you had left the store and then came back in to buy more stuff. You asked if I stayed the whole time. Should have waited for you in the parking lot, but got a yogurt instead. Stupid move, I know, but maybe you'll see this and reply. You were really beautiful and I didn't see a wedding ring.I apologize - I couldn't stop looking at you. You had strawberry blonde hair, fair skin, and were wearing a striped tee shirt, jeans, and sneakers. 
I smiled at you a few times and you smiled back. I was sitting at my computer, and at one point went outside to take a call. I would have loved to have given you my number but I didn't want to risk offending your (maybe, but hopefully not) boyfriend. He was extremely tall. You're extremely adorable. 
Coffee sometime? Let me know what I looked like if you're interested.I let you order before me cause you were getting a drink and chips... you ordered a Philly Cheesesteak (i think) and were in a suit! I hope you get this.. i wanted to sit with you and chat... but i had to get home! let me know what i look like so i know its you! PS you we're really handsome!You were looking my way as as I looked yours. You had a green military bomber jacket, a messenger bag and boots. Me-scruffy, hoodie, grey jacket jeans  We both got off on 59th and Lex stop. Not sure this will get anywhere but you're worth a try! Don't be shy, let's get a drink.You were the beautiful Steelers fan who started talking to me last night at The Hurricane restaurant. Really enjoyed talking to you, kicking myself for not getting your phone numberYou were hot construction guy... took out your phone and flashed me a pic of you big ole dick... Hot man. Happened on the R Train.. around 2pmYou walked by me this morning and said, "Cool pants, they look nice." I only said, "Thank you!" Wished I'd said more. I think I've seen you in this same Rock Center area before? If you can describe my pants you liked...do say hi again.If i could turn back the clock to October 28 i would have never contacted you knowing what i now know. My heart is heavy and I am Sad partly because yes I did have a BF and i did cancel our initial meeting and you said I played too many BS games and broke the trust but i am not married had we connected all would be different but you chose to take a dark path and you know i didn't deserve what you did to me, why did you do it? did you feel so much anger that i had a BF and abandoned our "chat"?? I sense you were very angry, you said that "men will kiss my ass" and that you are not like any man, that you would not. You said you could break me and you have come close because the sadness i feel is profound and its the holidays so it makes it worse, are you truly happy that you treated me like this? really?I saw you on corner 2 ave 12 st You hot black wowan skirt heels . you looked cold I didnt know if you were waiting for someone to pick you up or getting a cab. i should have bought you a coffee. i saw you and smiled .. me white blond wearing blue jacket jeans. i got in my car went aroudn theblock you wee goneLast night, 10pm. I was in a pink jacket, with brown glasses. You were in a black coat with a black canvas briefcase. The train lurched around and we knocked into each other a bit, and for a second our hands touched. When a woman got off the train, her earphones got twisted around your coat button. I held the door so you could untangle them, then I got tangled up briefly as well. We both hurried off the train at Clinton/Washington.Yesterday (Thursday, 12/12/13) at around 6:20 pm I came to your bar. You're new(ish). Your hair was up (but then it was down; then up again). I think you were wearing all black. I had a black sweater with four colored stripes on my left arm. We both smile extensively and  drink scotch.
I was going to my friend's boyfriend's art show and we left in a hurry so I did not get to introduce myself. I'd love if you emailed me, but, if not, I'm hoping that your schedule is regular so I can try to meet you again next week.
Sincerely,
NBwe met this morning at B&N and went back to your place. I had a great time 69ing and would love to hook with you again. Hope you see this.we both got on the M train around / almost 2 PM today - we had eye contact but i was ambivilant to say anything. you were wearing jeans, a turquoise hat, and a really pretty face. i was wearing a red hat and a patagonia and light brown cords. i wish i had said something - contact me if this is you.Hey
I went in Bebe, and noticed you but didn't want to say anything since I was with my sister.
You were wearing yellow I believe, but what I can't stop thinking about are your eyes.
Anyway, on the off chance you see this reply back, I'd love to get to know you.I was surprised to see you this afternoon walking in front of my office building. Only because I haven't seen you in months. Your smile still captivates me, and I thought you looked really cute in your winter hat. I think I kept a straight face, possibly looked down, and passed by without a word. Just on the off chance you're reading this, I wanted you to know that seeing you made my day.Looking for the girl I sat next to at the NY Phil concert Tues night.  I loved how we were both really into the music, and it seemed like you kept adjusting yourself to shift your leg closer to mine. I definitely did not mind. Would love to connect if possible. Send me a message and a description of yourself (hair color and what you were wearing that night).I often wonder if it's at all possible that you think about me as much as I think about you.
Moth to a flame, etc.Its been difficult since May. It was the last time I saw you. The pain is still there. Is still there because I know I will never see you again. I really hate it.  I miss you.
A hundred days have made me older
Since the last time that I saw your pretty face
A thousand lies have made me colder
And I don't think I can look at this the same
But all the miles that separate
They disappear now when I'm dreaming of your face
I'm here without you baby, but you're still on my lonely mind
I think about you baby, and I dream about you all the time
I'm here without you baby, but you're still with me in my dreams
And tonight, there's only you and me
The miles just keep rolling
As the people leave their way to say, hello
I've heard this life is overrated
But I hope that it gets better as we go
I'm here without you baby, but you're still on my lonely mind
I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time
I'm here without you baby, but you're still with me in my dreams
And tonight girl, there's only you and me
Everything I know and anywhere I go
It gets hard but it won't take away my love
And when the last one falls, when it's all said and done
It gets hard but it won't take away my love
I'm here without you baby, but you're still on my lonely mind
I think about you baby and I dream about you all the time
I'm here without you baby, but you're still with me in my dreams
And tonight girl, there's only you and me
I'm all alone
 3 Doors Down - Here Without You LyricsI know you're good at math (at least you said so).  Me, not so good, but I understand numbers well enough to know that I should have asked for yours.  A lot of charm in that wry smile of yours.  Tell me what we talked about and what stop I got off at and we'll go from there . . .WE were beside each other in post office, then when I left you yelled out of the car good bye.  
Was hoping if you see this I would take it as a sign and hopefully could connect for coffee one
day.We met on the F Train Thursday, we spoke of how suffering comes about and the 4 noble truths.
You had to get off the train, not enough time to continue, 
I'd like to finish that conversation some time, I was rather enjoying it.  
Ron.You and a friend were having drinks and food at the bar and I was with a few friends having drinks. We talked for a few but I was running out because my ride was leaving and I gave you something so you know how to reach me, which I am clearly hoping you do.Changing trains in the usq station this morning around 9:30. We were both walking towards the 4/5/6, I went downtown - you went uptown? I'm the girl in the hat, long wavy hair. You're wearing an overcoat, jeans & new balance kicks. I should have said hi when our eyes met. Get in touch!You were working out in the back of the second floor while I was doing an ab circuit this morning...  I rarely talk to anyone while they're at the gym as that should be a safe place for personal space... but wow you were beautiful.Last night I was sitting there all alone watching as puck after puck filled the home goals net.  I became very jealous.  I wanted in on that action.  There she is, my twin sister, Suzie Home Goal.  She had all the attention.  Getting scored on at will.  Three times in nine minutes.  I can only imagine that feeling, but no I am stuck with the Rangers.  They don't score on anyone.  As I sat there watching the pucks fly into the net, I felt this strange feeling.  Was that a hard rubber puck that just brushed ever so gently against the back of my net?  Am I dreaming?  Was I actually scored upon?  I woke up from my slumber in hopes that this was not a dream.  I was hoping that this sensation that I felt was finally having a puck hit my net.  When I woke up I looked down the ice and seen that my sister was scored on again.  I began to think, am I not pretty enough?  Does my crease stink that nobody wants to stand in front of me?  I look the same as Suzie, why does she attract the good looking pucks but not me?  Eventually I had that same feeling again later on in the night, but by that time my mood was spent.  I spent the rest of the evening in a closet listening to Suzie ramble on about how special her night was.  I am desperate.  Can anyone please help me find the love of my life?  If you have seen the New York Rangers scoring please send them my way!  I will be forever in your debt.
Your everlasting love,
Annie Away GoalThursday night - I was at the table near the door, jacket and tie, you had on all black and gorgeous eyes. We couldn't stop looking apparently, but I didn't have a chance to leave my friend (yes she's only a friend) and get past the wall of dudes blocking the way to talk to you. I wont make that mistake again.
We should grab a drink...Hey Beautiful,
I bumped into you by at the Bowling Green 4/5 train station on 12/12/13. Immediately upon seeing you my hear melted. You have the most gorgeous green eyes, sweetest face and radiant smile I have ever seen. You have dirty blonde hair, you were wearing a grey suit, black flat shoes with a small heel and a black jacket. We keep looking at each other but it was too hard to strike a conversation because there's a few people in front of me. I hope I do find you so I can take you out for diner. You seem like a very chill and sweet person.Hey, u were older but hot, in good shape but looked unhappy, u kept starring at me but thats ok, i was with my wife. Im 27 5'11 muscular irish italian with blue eyes and short brown hair, we were in nassau county, if u think this is u, tell me where u saw me and maybe we can meet again! No pics needed unless this wasnt u and want to meet up anyway lol five1six 4six8 two6zero1- joeyWe had so much fun together, I "when fully dressed" have long red hair, sexy heels, amazing makeup,Indian brown skin, and fit tone body,  you've always loved the outfits i put on for you. You even help lace me up in one. You, in your 30's, a European accent, very very handsome, super sweet and kind, and very hung. 
I still have your number and I know you still have mine. But i also know that our "friendship"  makes you uncomfortable. I wished we had an outlet to help take some of the pressure off. It is unfortunate that our closeness may never mature into something great. 
I just want you to know how i feltOur eyes met and I was startled by your beauty / think I said something lame like "your beautiful " , but you are !! , I am smitten !! , think you were w/ your sister ? . You were talking to a guy and when I went to look for you to say hi you were gone , mention type of jacket the guy you were talking to was wearing so I know its you . I know this a real big longshot.... but your worth the effort !!I was going up the stairs at bryant park, u asked me for a light, I thought you were handsome, think you're working in one of the shops. I was struck by your eyes and your smile, Would like to get to know you, dont know if you're gay. hope you see this, drop me a line.you were standing outside the Port Authority smoking
you were looking at me & we said hello to each other as I was entering the building
I was in a rush & just kept going. when I came back you were gone
do you remember what color my coat was?? what color was my hair??I've been wanting to talk to you!  Not sure if you'll read this but I figured I'd try anyway.Lovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelovelove
me
Hatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehatehateha
youIf it's been on your mind, please, do it. You may not know what to say, and other people might tell you not to do it, but there's nothing to worry about, I'm fine. Even if you don't want me to respond, and all you want to do is tell me to leave you alone, I don't care. I feel genuinely remorseful about what happened, I just want to know what you feel, and what you think about everything. I want to hear it from YOU. Everything so far has been 2nd hand information, your actual mind is still a mystery to me. As our worlds move closer to each other, this weird underlying cloud of negativity will always be there, unless we resolve this in some way, personally, between the two of us. This can clear the air. 
You know how to get in touch with me, and I have so much hope that you will.I don't want to spill out the beans here, but with the hopes you might
come across this ad.
You're hot man. I want to talk to you, but am holding back to do so.
You appear masculine yet I don't know your deal is...
I'm afraid to disappoint myself and find out you're straight with a gf, but it's a risk I have to take to move on.
I want to break the ice, but prefer if you take the initiative.
Anyway, I just wanted to put this out here.Last Sunday Dec 8th, we rode a Brooklyn-bound F train standing next to each other in one of the doorways. You had short, red hair and noticed I was reading a William Gibson novel which you asked me about, saying he was your favorite novelist. We chatted briefly before my stop suddenly appeared and I had to jump off. I'd love to continue our conversation on the author, say over coffee/cocktail? Which of his novels did you say was your favorite - which I have yet to read?asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaSnow globes
Ice cream cones
Truth be known
I lie here like a drone
Waiting for the stone
Who makes me feel unknown
He sleeps with me
And I still walk alone
I have known that this
love must be foregone 
As I lie here dying like a droneHello you worked out last night (Thursday) at the NYHRC on 23rd and 6ave around 7pm you were the bald sexy guy with the green shirt and shorts. We ran into each other at the showers which we waited in line for but i was ahead of you. You said something to the guy behind me and i turned around. You're hot if you see this hit me up there were two models you worked around tall olive skin one and a white one. I'm one of the two. Hit me up! P.S i was checking you out while you were getting dressed on the locker too you didnt see me.You were getting off the 4 train at union square and I was getting on it. It was head downtown. You were standing in the door and you smiled at me before the doors opened. Once they did you said hi to me. You were super cute but I was too shy too say anything but hello. I hope you maybe see this...Hi
We met in the R train today Thursday 12/12/13, I am the Bulgarian girl who was wearing a red jacket and red Century 21 bag. You sat next to me and I asked you where to get off for Carnegie Hall. Btw -wrong stop its on 7th ave and 57 street. 
I am so sorry I didn't ask for your email, I know you wanted to give me your info.  Would love  to check out your art and chat more 
Reply to me using the Craigslist reply button if you read this 
L.I was with a Macbook near the front of Veselka. You sat at counter with Macbook. We exchanged glances, blah blah blah, etc.  This is a dorky post, but posting it will help me go to bed saying 'I tried'.  I didn't realize your order was to go or I would have said something quicker.  You have red hair, I had a reddish knit hat & glasses.  Hello to those who like reading these things for sport.  Special hello to the person who inspired this & if by some weird chance you read this say hello.We chatted while you warmed yourself by the heater, about your dress and boots I thought was a onesie.  I actually remember your name but don't want to embarrass you since it's not a normal name and if your friends read these things they'll know it's you.  You left with your friends but turned back to ask my name.  Friends can make it awkward to try to meet someone.  Oh well.  Now I'm typing on craigslist.Thinking about you, but also thinking about me. 30 isnt a huge milestone but for me it really is. this year has been big for me, a confirmation of sorts and very redeeming. Last year of my 20s and its been very generous so many less worries, ive grown alot these last 5 years and the thought makes me excited to see how i grow over the next 5. somehow through all of it I managed to avoid marriage(real marriage) and children and in doing so avoided what would have been a huge pitfall for me. I can dedicate my energy to myself. college is a reality, a masters degree is within grasp. im single and mingle when, where and how I want which makes me very happy. i have no buisness committing (i know that now) i have to chase every pretty gal i see (its horrible) I purchased a plot of land in the poconos which has become a 2nd home for me over these last 5 years, I still havnt built on it and might not build next year or the year after But its there for me when im ready it will always be my 2nd home my vacation spot . Ny is good along with college have come career oppurtunities, I have my own buisness although very small its mine. Things are happening and the possibilities are ever present this has been nothing short of a miracle. And if  you ask me what ive learned i would say that i learned that we have the power to stop and think. Right there in the moment we can stop ourselves and decide what our outlook will be, what our mood will be. We have the power to stop ourselves and ask what am i doing? Why am i doing it? what do i want to do? I always had that but its been in my late twenties where ive learned the power of it and just how often we need to do it. Thats been the major factor. Stopping and thinking.I just want you to know im happy. Im being good to myself and accepting the Good accepting its ok to want what i want and getting it. ;) everything will work itself out. Everything will be ok for the most part. Also know im here. Im still here.I normally would never do anything like this but you were so handsome and we kept on making eyes at each other. I was eating at the restaurant with three friends and you were in the corner eating by yourself.
A song came on in the restaurant and you saw me lightly dance at the table to it and I saw you laugh/smile at me. . .embarrassing. But what song was it? 
I was going to give you my number but you left before I could and I didn't have a pen. I then saw that you went to go into The Pearl hotel but I still had no pen.He's half a lifetime my senior. I'm riding shotgun, 2:23 a.m.
"She's desperate."
"Maybe, but she is pretty. She kept talking about your girlfriend."
"I was thinking about someone else."
I feel his gaze on me, and I hide a half-smile. I can't tell whether I'm paralyzed out of fear or lust.
He reaches his long, sinewy arm across the armrest, silently bridging the gap between masturbatory fantasy and moral indiscretion. His hand is on the back of my neck, but I feel it elsewhere.
"Isn't this nice?"
"Mhmm."
My focus oscillates between the idea of his mouth on mine and his daughter. His daughter is older than I am.
"You're beautiful, you know."
Only after realizing my norm-induced passivity could be misconstrued as active rejection or, worse, stuffiness, do I start rubbing his bare arm. He is still in costume: a blood-soaked wifebeater, khakis and loafers.
"Suck my finger," he whispers.
Our eyes bore white hot into each other -- a mutual acknowledgement that this command is a test of my limits.
I comply.
The natural irony of a decelerating vehicle coupled with accelerated breathing isn't lost on me, but at this point I feel like I've lost my mind. 
Do I have a convincing reason not to do this?We rode the elevator up tonight around 6.  Locked eyes a couple times and I felt something there. This is dumb and you'll never see this but I dunno...if you do and you want to have a coffee, lock eyes again...write me back.You think I'm nuts?
Wait till you meet this guy...
--
I am so proud of you!  You sincerely take your real life seriously.  Hand clap.  
I hope you move over here when you can, all things considered.
It'll be fun; I promise.  You can count on me.I was ur waitress once.  I liked ur eyes the first time. The second I got to know you. I wasn't your waitress but I talked the whole time with u. I was nervous. You had great stories and I like your smile. I told u I got a job opportunity.  I always hope u would come in again when I worked. If you aren't taken I would love to meet u for lunch but not as your waitress.  I remember your name and that u work as IT on the east side .... You told me that but I have been much to shy to reach out.We meet Sunday, December 8 on the E train I was listening to music and you walked up to me asking about my snowboard and where I ride. Then we spoke the entire train ride about surfing, Australia, Six flags, Burton, hiking and sooo much more your accent was really cute and you asked where I lived and you're rooming in Kew Gardens you've only been in New York for a month I work at Quiksilver and you said maybe ill see you at work I really hope we see each other again probably on the same train, and you introduced yourself before you left I really regret not asking for your number and I know it might be a long shot but I somehow hope you see this and remember meYou opened it so you believe in it too. Something good will happen to you between 12:00pm and 9:00pm tommorow.No catch. It could happen anywhere anytime; you will fix your relationship problems for the next two years, maybe it was someone you loved (or still do) and can't get them out of your mind, or money, or something that you lost, or just someone who has given you a helping hand.
To spread the good karma re-post this in another city within 10 minutes. 
You will get the shock of your life tomorrow. I believe. I hope you do too.
What do you have to lose?
Just do it.I have a missed connection, I am looking for Gabriel.  He is 6'2-6'3, in his late 30s to early 40s.  Greek Italian descent, speaks multiple languages.  He is a professional working as investor in Real Estate and other businesses.
 He seems like a wonderful man that I would love to learn more about. 
If you know him, or are him, please contact me. 
sincerely TAround 9ish you appeared out of nowhere a beautiful short blonde with a guitar on your back
I was sitting down me:tall dark hair listening to some indie Christmas music tho I doubt you could've 
Known what I was listening to through my headphones
You walked towards my direction and may I say your smile is adorable but what got me was as the music faded on my headphones I heard the most beautiful voice you had a grey coat on and me well I had a grey hoody over a button up when the one pulled up I sat up thinking it was my train as I was distracted by how cute you were I instantly realized my mistake and sat back down I should've said hi but I sadly just watched you
You got on the uptown 1 and went straight to the door as the train pulled away I felt something painful "Regret"  regret for letting you leave without introducing myself if you happen to see this please do tell me if I'm wrong for thinking we had a little moment if not let's grab a drink dinner heck I would mind just watching you play your guitar as that voice of yours creates the perfect warmth on such cold nights 
I'll spend the rest of my night thinking of you in hopes you'll reappear in my dreamsWe both got off and talked about hats. you were looking for a hat kind of like the one I was wearing We went different ways and I spent my half regretting not getting to talk with you more.Hi Lindsey . Its David Santos . I miss you everyday . I should have gone with you when you asked me to. Truth is i wanted to . I trusted you and you meant the world to me. It was all the low self-estee and no confidence that made me rethink and over analyze . I felt you diserved better . But now i see what i didnt 4 yrs ago . Its all clear to me . I know its been 4 long yrs and no communication. But i had no way to . Your the One ! For me and i want you . I regret the day i let you go . Your the woman of my dreams and i hope soon my future . I know we lost alot of time . But ill spend the rest of my life making it up to you and making you happy . Im still working on me . But your in my hold . Dont let go of me just yet . I can live without you but i dont want to . I Love You ! If you see this my number is three four seven two seven two thirty two twenty three . If by the act of god ! You see this . Contact me what we had wasnt the end . It was the begining of a love story . Yeah it wont be perfect it never isComme Francois Mauriac l'a decrit:
Sur sa dense brievete, Theres Desqueyroux accumule les signes et les privileges de la reussite romanesque : les tirages qu'epuisent, l'une apres l'autre, les generations de lecteurs, l'attention des maitres et de leurs disciples, du lycee a l'universite, sana negliger la consecration d'une excellente d'adaptation a l'ecran ....You were working there today, I was there with some friends and I stared at you the whole time and you knew it.  You weren't our server but i wish you were, you are gorgeous.  You were wearing a black skirt and boots.  Im in town for a couple days, hit me up and we could grab a drink.Me: black guy having drinks with two friends this evening after 7pm
Tell me where I was sitting so I'll know who you are:-)
Let's go on a date.Hey there, you got off the train too soon. I was in a tan coat w fur trim and a white shopping bag. It was about 1030pm. You had a beautiful smile and a red hat. I regret not chasing after you. Hope this finds you. X<3
...................................................................................................................................................I live in the neighborhood.  We chatted about blogging.  Tell me more.
I live in the neighborhood.  We chatted about blogging.  Tell me more.This is weird I know I might not ever really see him again but I just can't stop thinking about him he was a white male in his maybe late 20s we met on the grey hound going to allentown you over heard my Convo and gave me directions you had the most gorgeous smile allot of tattoos and a nice body if any one is reading this and might think he sound familiar just let him know he has an admire lol... btw this was around September of this year I believe he works in the cityYou nasty.................................
.....................................
.........................................
......................................peaceYou in the steam. Me really shy.  I saw you again getting out of the shower. You saw me getting in the shower. Can we meet up again? You are really beautiful.Very pretty blonde hair cute smile green nail polish and black boots.Wednesday at around 7 pm   I know odds slim but I stood at the door of train and should have said something .felt like we locked eyes but train door closed .I sat across and smiled . lunch?You were so generous.  Wish I got on the bus with you..  You're so pretty but I already told you that.  Hope I see you soon.As I sit here reading the next chapter, I'm wishing I had the courage to ask for your number!KARMA.... Karma You opened it, so you believe in it too. Something good will happen to you between 12 pm and 9 pm tomorrow. No catch. It could happen anywhere or anytime; you will fix your relationship problems for the next 2 years, maybe it was someone you once loved (or still do) and can't get them out of your mind, or money, or something you lost, or just someone that's given you a helping hand. To spread positive karma, re-post this in another city in the 10 minutes.You will get the shock of your life tomorrow. I believe. I hope you do too. What do you have to lose? Just do it
Location: karmaI'm the boy in the yellow shirt
standing by the 
water
who followed his instincts
to the edge of the falls
and fell 
in love with the ambient chatter
and soft pitter patter of
your gentle 
beat
I was standing by the water 
when i lost my quiver 
from an indian
giver
and in less than an hour
i became a 
flower
disappearing into the
landscape
mindgallery . twitter . beatboxbliss . tumblrWe traded glances a couple of times, before and after your glorious triumph. Lets talk.You were next to me at the urinal you had a black coat and maybe a scarf. Thought you were trying to catch a glance wasn't sure. Wanted to glance back but didn't know if it was mutual. Let me know what I was wearingWell, considering you don't have a smart phone, I don't like my chances of finding you here :).
'Tis a shame.  My friend and I had just had a discussion about taking risks, and I wish I'd taken a risk and asked you for a drink.  You seem like a lovely person.
I hope your interview goes well.The second time we spoke, you stated "if" I marry. Well "if" you don't marry her consider marrying me! I promise not only my heart (which has always loved you) but dedication, excitement, romance and dance, along with some unmentionables ;-). I vow to make you feel like the man amongst men, the lover amongst lovers and a friend amongst friends. I've made a mistake marrying a man that was not you, marrying because I thought time was of the essence, but had I waited it would be US!
If you never marry.....consider me!We played around a little bit at Equinox Rockefeller center tonight around 7:30/8:00 pm. Would love to try that again or maybe even meet up outside the gym. For a drink, to hook up or both ;)
Describe what I look like, you look like or what happened so I know it's you.Ok, I don't usually post on here but I thought you were cute and I should have talked to you. It was Wednesday after work and I said my order wrong (you commented on it). You were with a friend who went out to smoke or use the phone. You had shoulder length reding hair and a white sweater.  I thought you were cute. Email me if you're interested in getting together.Why don't you just reach out to the person you want to speak to ...
You will never know if that person wants to hear from you ...........We are looking for a light skin girl with a nice body thats in to 3sums , sucking dick and eating pussy .
 The guy is light skin long hair and sexy as hell 22 yrs
girl caramel skin long hair and curve pretty face 21yrs
we are verry clean and std free please contact if you interestedYou are really cute.  You caught me staring at you twice...and I was too dumbfounded to say anything or even smile.  I froze up, just looking at you.  I'm six feet tall.  Long brown hair, blue eyes.  Typical scruffy-looking white guy.  If you ever want to chat...if you see this, and ever want to chat...let me know.  I know this is a long shot, but what the Hell, it's worth it.  You got on the F Train somewhere below Rockefeller and got off at 7th Avenue.  I was hoping you'd look back as you left so I could give you a smile.Jamie - used to come to where I once worked when you were 13 years of age - you'd be about 21 - 23 now. Lived in Jamaica or Richmond Hill ? Me - dark blond hair/blue eyes/uniform. Just wanted to know how you are ? Hope you see this -Whelp, I turned into one of those weirdos who is posting on Craigslist- but you only live once I guess. Tonight I was walking my dog across York and 84th around 7:00. We were standing on opposite ends of the street, waiting for the light to change. You were adorable and we made eye contact as we were crossing- my dog embarrassingly had a sweater on and I had a green coat.December 31st has come early. I'm done.
____________________________________________________D train around 6:40 tonight BX bound. You were already in the car, when I got on at Columbus Circle. I was standing right in front of you, hooded up, and you were sitting down with your friend, playing a game on your phone. 
You: light gray sweatpants, thick hoodie, cap with lightning N logo, sturdy boots, very handsome, small goatee, spanish speaking. It looked like you came from some type of construction work. We locked eyes several times, and I regret not saying hello before getting off at 145th.
Im curious about you. 
HMU with the logo on your sweatpants, left leg. 
-AWe heard the guy ordering chicken lo mein in the locker room. I think u are very handsome. Reply with a pic if you see thisWe talked last week at Starbucks on 58th street. You worked across the street. I started the conversation about how i thought i was in there often. 
Tell me my name if this is you.We both came out of the Lexington & 96th 6 train stop and immediately went to wait for the M96 crosstown bus. 
You got on first and I followed behind, saw you were by the door of the bus but moved to the back. You came and sat down in the seat right next to mine. I didn't look up, I was too nervous. 
You were in a red winter jacket. As you got up to leave at Central Park West I looked up and smiled at you when you looked my way, and as you passed the window I was too shy to smile again. 
If you can remember what I was carrying on my back, maybe we can get coffee.your smile makes my day and your gap between your front teeth makes you even more beautiful!
Never do that but i had to tell you, maybe you will see it...you were working and had a black apple laptop.you spoke few word in french to me...A,
OK, I kinda feel like an idiot because we talked for a long time and I could have easily asked for your number but I was afraid you'd misunderstand and think I was coming on to you (not that I wouldn't because after all you're way cute) when I only wanted to suggest going for a drink in the hood and stuff like that. You just seem like you could be a nice friend. You know?
GThe Stars -
i am the man who fell from the sky
don't ask me why
i swam in your backyard
glass full of ice
kinda nice
those backyard days
before the wars
underneath the stars 
when we'd meet 
for coffee
on a place called 
mars
mindgallery . twitter . beatboxbliss . tumblrWe were on a crowded 6 train heading uptown. You were holding a Virginia Woolf book, wearing a patterned multi-colored coat with a hood, that was up. Looked like you had blond hair under that hood. You had a pink shoulder bag and matching pink iPhone c. I think you got on at Union Square. We caught each other's eyes at some point and smiled at each other, before you got off at 33rd street, at 6:45pm. I liked your smile. If you can say something about me or the situation that will let me know it's you, I would love to get a drink and talk about which song you would sing if you thought nobody was looking....WE WERE SITTING NEXT TO EACH OTHER RIDING ON THE B TRAIN GOING TOWARDS KINGS HIGHWAY, I SHOULD'VE TALKED TO YOU BUT THIS IS WHEN REGRET STARTS SETTING IN... I HIGHLY DOUBT YOU WILL FIND THIS MESSAGE AND EVEN CARE ENOUGH TO RESPOND, BUT I DO BELIEVE IF THINGS HAPPEN, WHEN THEY HAPPEN, THEY HAPPEN WITH A REASON ATTACHED. AND I DO LOVE FATE!
SO HERE GOES, I KNOW IT LOOKS LIKE I WAS MULTI-TASKING. I WAS, EVEN MORE SO THAN IT MIGHT'VE SEEMED, I WAS WONDERING ABOUT YOU WHILE I WAS KEEPING MYSELF BUSY. YOU ARE GORGEOUS, WITH YOUR GLASSES, WITHOUT THEM. I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU AGAIN, AND TELL YOU TO YOUR FACE HOW SEXY YOU ARE.
OH LORD PLEASE SEND THIS ANGEL INTO MY ARMS, BEFORE I PULL OUT 1 OF MY TEETH AND FORCE YOU TO SEND A TOOTH FAIRY MY WAY.
AND THAT DRINK YOU WERE DRINKING LOOKED LIKE IT TASTED GOOD, I WANTED TO ASK YOU FOR A SIP.
I AWAIT THE PRINCESS ONLY, EVERYONE ELSE GO FUCK YOURSELVES!HI IM MATURE SINCERE LOVING CARING MWM 5/9 HEALTHY CLEAN DD FREE  DISCREET IN MY OWN BUSINESS LOOKING FOR ONE SEXY HOT LOVING WOMAN IF YOURE SUBMISIVE SEXAULLY A PLUS , LOOKING FOR A LONGTERM DISCREET LOVER AND FREIND  LOVE ALL SEX PLEASURES GIVING RECEVING WITH LOVE ,IM  VERY ORAL ALL OVER, ANAL PLAY ,RIMMING,[giving /receiving ] HOT  SPANKING TEASING, LINGRIE ROLE PLAY ,BODY ,ASS WORSHIP ...ETC,  LOVE TO EXPLORE ALL PLEASURES  LETS FULL FILL ALL OUR DEEP DEISIRES AND NEEDS AND FEEL LOVED AND WANTEDWE WERE SITTING NEXT TO EACH OTHER RIDING ON THE B TRAIN GOING TOWARDS KINGS HIGHWAY, I SHOULD'VE TALKED TO YOU BUT THIS IS WHEN REGRET STARTS SETTING IN... I HIGHLY DOUBT YOU WILL FIND THIS MESSAGE AND EVEN CARE ENOUGH TO RESPOND, BUT I DO BELIEVE IF THINGS HAPPEN, WHEN THEY HAPPEN, THEY HAPPEN WITH A REASON ATTACHED. AND I DO LOVE FATE! 
SO HERE GOES, I KNOW IT LOOKS LIKE I WAS MULTI-TASKING. I WAS, EVEN MORE SO THAN IT MIGHT'VE SEEMED, I WAS WONDERING ABOUT YOU WHILE I WAS KEEPING MYSELF BUSY. YOU ARE GORGEOUS, WITH YOUR GLASSES, WITHOUT THEM. I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU AGAIN, AND TELL YOU TO YOUR FACE HOW SEXY YOU ARE. 
OH LORD PLEASE SEND THIS ANGEL INTO MY ARMS, BEFORE I PULL OUT 1 OF MY TEETH AND FORCE YOU TO SEND A TOOTH FAIRY MY WAY. 
AND THAT DRINK YOU WERE DRINKING LOOKED LIKE IT TASTED GOOD, I WANTED TO ASK YOU FOR A SIP.
I AWAIT THE PRINCESS ONLY, EVERYONE ELSE GO FUCK YOURSELVES!I wish I could hear from you!  You're indeed important to me, and I miss you!
Oh well, perhaps that's the way it goes.You have flirted with my wife a few times   while getting your morning coffee at the 7-11 in west babylon on belmont ave and you saw her once at the best yet market. She thinks your hot!! What's your name? What's her name? I know  its a long shot but who knows...:-)Do not want to put too much description. This morning (12/12) around 8ish we were both in the locker room. I came out of the shower and you were near my locker. I forgot something and went back to the shower, and opened my locker. You went to the bathroom and then came back by my locker. You smiled and said hello and I said hello. I thought you were very attractive and if there is a chance there was a mutual interest would love to get together. If you were just being friendly no worries I'm not a stalker...LOL! If you see this and are interested let me know the color of your shirt, and a description of yourself. Also if you are gay, like myself, I am new to the Bronx and have not met any gay people here, so if you just want to hang that would be cool too.You were adorable.  You had a hat on that said "supreme" (I think).  You were in with someone...I'm thinking your grandmother??  I am married.   Tell me what cafe and what you were wearing.I'm the blond in the grey hat you forgot to ask out for coffee.  I was reading a book on whales and you have a face I might like to see again sometime.Josh, we have a mean streak of ships passing in the foggy night. Mostly my fault. I've got to find a way to remedy that. I'm in Manhattan and totally free tonight. I'm probably around Brooklyn Saturday, early evening. Doing anything on Monday? Maybe you could join me and Kavita on Wednesday. Are you leaving town later this month?You were sitting with three other men Sunday night at Manzo around 6:30. No one ordered wine. I couldn't help but notice how handsome you were in your button down and blazer. I caught your eye before you left and you winked back but I couldn't help but wish we had met.There we were waiting on the platform for the train when our eyes met. What felt like an eternity lasted only a few seconds. I wanted desperately to say hi but I couldn't before the train was there and you were gone.
You crossed my path again as you were getting off the train, I'm pretty sure it was Peekskill.
You had blonde hair and were wearing bright pink running shoes and black pants.
I truly hope to cross paths with you again someday.You have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen.
...................................................................................................................................................I know this is one in a million shot that you would get to read this but here goes nothing. 
It was around 3:15pm. My co-worker and I were sitting at a table next to the restroom and you said something about my cell phone and we continued to talk while you waited for the restroom to free up. We left before you got out because we didn't realize how late it was but now I wish I would have stayed an extra minute to ask for your number.. I'd love to hear from you :)Hello,
I saw you on the L train sometime before noon.  I got on at 3rd Ave and thought you were gorgeous.  You were with a friend that had a large flat parcel with him.  We glanced at each other a few times.Hey. I am event photographer in New York, I have free hours during the day and I offer to take your Portrait pictures for free, I'm gaining experience and you get the full quality photos :-) Please send me your photo and the Location you want to be Photographed and I will contact you.Around 1pm today.  I walked in and hit the ATM.  Caught you looking at me, and I you.  Interested in some discreet fun?  Let me know the branch if you see this and interested....Couple weeks ago..Sitting in the window next to me?
I met someone there but was waiting for you??we met in a vid store on 25th st and 3rd ave today thurs at around 3pm.  I was wearing fishnets under my jeans.   Sorry I ran out so soon I should have gotten your email address.  You were a white guy nice size ...You were there with six or seven friends, at a round table; dressed in blue, with the most amazingly beautiful eyes I have ever seen, and a smile that could light up a coal mine! We exchanged glances several times, and a smile crossed your lips - I was the brown haired guy in the light blue shirt near the windows. I would love to meet you, and to see that beautiful smile up close over a cup of coffee or a drink or two. Hoping you see this and send a note.....I got on the Uptown 6 at 33rd Street, you were already seated. I sat down next to you on your left. You had on a dark pea-coat, jeans, and a grey hoodie underneath - you were very tall. I had on a dark coat, black leggings, and a bright colored scarf. You got off at 59th Street. 
If this is you, what color was my scarf?We met at Fat cat and hopped around and then your friend made you go home with her. Email mei was the short-haired asian girl sitting on the steps in union square in a black leather jacket, tights, and shorts. it was still sunny then, not quite fall. i was waiting to meet with an internet friend and i thought you were him for a moment -- we made eye contact repeatedly as you walked; you smiled and i think you even waved? it was a little awkward for both of us, i think, but thank you for making that day a little brighter.Last night around 6:45PM on the 6 train downtown from Lexington. You were busy on your phone and carrying a package. I let you on ahead of me and you thanked me with a sweet smile. I sat next to you as read BBC news on your phone. Unfortunately I had to get off at Grand Central. That smile was stunning. Find me.She is haitian- used to live or maybe still lives in east Flatbush- above a chuch.  Has a daughter- very attractive- also known as "Ghirlande"  Like white menSo... I get home and describe my night out to my roommate and she gets on my case about not asking for the number of the cute girl on the A train. Yes, you! She tells me this is the place to go for these kinds of situations.
Anyway, just message me with some factoid you remember about me and - if you'd like to hang out when I'm back in town - your number!
Thanks!Around 1:45pm on L train, you will probably never see this, but i would love to meet youShe used to live on far W 61st or 62nd.  had a young daughter.  Half black and half Latina.  very sensual- liked white men.you live in wahi and gave me some really good head on thanksgiving day. we met on cl. your post said discreet and you didn't ask for a face pic so i thought you were real and would know what you were doing. you had me take my pants off and sit in a chair. i watched pussy porn while you worked on my cock and balls. you took your time, working it deep and long and were creative. i could tell you were enjoying yourself. i hadn't cum in days and was sensitive and had to get you to slow down a few times. i wanted to edge up my load. you really knew how to make that dick feel good. i sat back, relaxed and hit poppers and watched the video while you worked my meat for some time. when i was ready to cum i told you to go deep and gently coax my load out so i'd have an intense orgasm. i could feel my butthole pucker and my cock swell and pulse as my cum pumped down your throat. it was very satisfying and i'd like to go again. i can't find your email so i'm hoping you see this and contact me.This is a long shot by far as im not even sure if I should post this in the NY or NJ Clist. The odds are even further skewed against me because what are the chances that you are as weird as me and check craigslist out every now and again!
Anyway, last month I boarded an El-Al flight to Israel I believe on the 12th of November which departed from Newark. You too were on the same flight; I believe you were with your parents. if I remember correctly you were one row in front of me but all the way on the opposite side of the plane, and you probably didn't even notice me. I thought you were incredibly beautiful. I am not sure if you were an Ethiopian, Indian Jew or from some sort of Sephardic background. I didn't say anything to you because I wasn't sure if you were an Israeli visiting America or an American visiting Israel (like me). I do not speak Hebrew and I was too shy regardless. When we landed in Israel I kept running into you when we were off the plane. Through customs, baggage claim, and etc. until we both went our separate ways in Israel. If you remember me at all tell me who I was flying with, and/or what color shirt I had on. Tell me where in Israel you were going?Looking for the guy who helped me today at the bank. I am pretty sure you were flirting with me. Your first name is Erick I think.  Tell me my birthday since you brought it up.  Hope you see this but even not, maybe somebody can help me find out who he isYour life is emotionless. So is mine.
You take trains and buses all the time. You catch the looks, but you're shy to look back and smile... I am... 
You might be married or involved, but you miss a friend, a soul mate, a companion. 
We're missing a connection...
Email me.Dude - You are not aging well at all.  Saw the pics and time has not been good to you.I ran onto the train at Union Square and noticed you. You - tall, green hat, blue coat, and a book in your pocket.  I caught you staring at me at one point.  You got off at Bedford.  You caught my eye.  Maybe you are taken, maybe not.  You made an impression...<3
...................................................................................................................................................You got on the Bushwick Morgan Ave stop for the L train - the one near Brooklyn's Natural, the organic food store / bodega that has been a staple of Bushwick life for as long as I can remember (not that long, I've only been there for about three and a half years). You were lugging two large, brown cardboard boxes of... I have no idea. Probably something. Maybe a Christmas gift for your mother. I think you were wearing a brown coat as well, however the cardboard boxes were pretty distinctive. You were cute. I noticed that straightaway as well.
I was standing on the platform heading for Manhattan-bound trains, furiously writing into my phone when you made your way down to the platform. I think you had possibly rushed into the Rockaway Bound side initially - not many people board at that particular entrance, and it's hard to miss someone who's defying the typical commuter carry-all (hat, coat, possibly a satchel, etc.)
When the train arrived, we each boarded the same car. I made my way past you to lean on the door between cars so I could keep writing, and eventually wound up getting a seat. Absorbed in whatever I was doing, the growing crush of commuters had you standing right next to me before I really had a chance to notice. You looked over and gave a cautious half smile, and I had a moment where I thought "whoa, did she just smile at me?". I didn't know what to do, really. I have a lot of fun, minute interactions with people when I accidentally brush into them, or think I hit them with my bag. Also, I'm a guy. There's a huge dichotomy between the signals we get and the signals we actually pick up on. Blame the Fates for not blessing me with a sister. 
Regardless, I thought to myself 'maybe I should say hi', instead we just did the commuter thing that everyone does, you getting back to your book and me to a podcast.
When we departed the train and piled into Union Square with everyone else, I caught your eye as you ascended the staircase to the downtown N/Q/R. "Damn" I thought. I had made up my mind that if were on the same platform, I was going to say hello. Fortune favors the bold, or maybe the guy who posts a Missed Connection on craigslist. I was the tall guy with the striped wool hat and black pea coat who can't get enough of his busted iPhone.It was around 9:15 on the Uptown N Train. I was standing in the middle of the car. You against the door. You had such a handsome face, nice beard and gorgeous eyes. I really enjoyed the eye contact and distant flirting. You got off at 57th and 7th. Waved to me as you headed up the stairs and I stayed on the train. 
Are you single? Would love to grab a coffee or a drink. 
You: Tall, slender, beard, hat, white sweater with red tie and charcoal/ black coat. Beautiful light colored eyes. 
Describe me so I know it's you.You're the cute blonde boy in the green coat, I'm the cute mixed dude in the black coat standing next to you. Couldn't help but check you out the entire time. Wasn't sure if there was something there, but I hope so! Get in touch if you want to go out sometime.If you are going to be at the Eagle tonight (Thursday), don't let this become a missed connection. After a few beers you will need to piss. When you get to the bathroom, find the boy with the yellow hanky and feed him your piss. He's happy to drink your piss, you're happy to relieve yourself of it. Everyone's happy :)
Don't be shy!!By the sea, il mulino, Tofu,  North Shore Towers, Fresh Market, etc etc
All the same person desperately trying to find a guy with money. Take some advice and work a corner with a stop light, give it a rest already. Over 6 months now with the same BS posts.Most beautiful girls I ever met that night!
hit me up.
I talked to you  before  I left.We met at NYSC last week around 11:30 pm at the sauna.  You didn't stop looking at me when I was working out earlier.  You followed me to the locker room and then to the sauna.  We were both naked.  You were staring at my cock.  You finally had the courage and came over and sucked my cock.  You suck a mean cock. No one ever deep throated my cock but no one was able to but you did.  When you rimmed my ass, I got wild....I carried you (which you loved) with your legs on my arms and plowed your ass and shot my cum in your ass.  I called you names while fucking you and I told you your hole feels like a pussy.  
Me:   Straight...black...6'1....muscular...9" cock
You:  Asian...5'4....brown/brown...bubble ass...hot shaved boy pussy...
I wanna meet you again and plow this ass more.I sat in the booth next to you. You were having the cutest bday dinner ever with you family. You were a beautiful Latina lady and I am a curly haired gentleman. I couldn't help looking at you and smiling the whole time. Soooo cute :)I need some help with tuition. I'm going back to school to finish my bachelors degree. I have one year left. I don't qualify for financial aid/loans etc. But I was just fired from my job for reasons out of my control & cannot afford to pay out of pocket. I have a 12 year old daughter. I need 2 prerequisite classes from a community college (cheaper to take them there) & then I will transfer to the 4 yr institution to finish. I need approx $1200 paid to the community college for the 2 prerequisite classes & books. I'm hoping to apply for scholarships when I transfer to the 4 year institution. I'm hard working & driven. I just want to complete my degree ASAP so I can get back into the workforce. We live in a small town so my opportunities are limited until I have that 4 year degree. If you can help me at all please let me know. I'd have all money sent to the school so you know it's legit. If there is a way you can get a tax deduction for your donation - I will do whatever I have to so you get it. Thanks so much. Happy holidays. The semester starts in the middle of January so I need it taken care of by the end of the year :-)I watched you on the platform at Lexington Ave station waiting for an E Train. You were a slim petite and Asian female.  You possessed that certain je ne sais quoi. A quiet confidence which attracted me to you.  Within those short lived moments we exchanged glances I could not help but think about you as a Woman.  What it would be like to be near you, for us to begin a relationship, to hear you voice whisper into my ear, and all the exciting and sensual times we could spend together.
Second chances come rarely and yet I believe they happen. I'm sure if we meet again we would not be so hesitant, but would jump at the chance to know one another.  I'm here and all you have to do is write back.I stood across from an incredible red head this morning.
Long red hair, glasses, tan scarf, purple/blue coat, light blue skirt (short), black tights, purple bag. And you got off at Canal around 9am.
You are incredibly good-looking, and your legs are intoxicating. Hopefully you're in to me.
Me:
Short brown hair, glasses, P-Coat, blue jeans, brown shoes, back pack.asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaYesterday (12/11/13), I played with 2 guys in the steam room.. One black probably mid-30s w/ glasses & the other guy mid-20s hispanic with a very attractive full beard & curly hair.. You two were playing in the pool when I came in then we rotated in & out of the sauna till it was empty.. We only got a a few minutes in before people came in.. Looking to try again with you guys if you see this, send me a pic & title the email "Spa Castle"Hola soy un chico travesti q busca un rato de placer soy muy discreto y no me gusta meter en problemas a nadie y yo tambien quiero discrecion puedes hacer conmigo lo q quieras y cumplir tus fantacias me encanta q me dennlengua en el toto, no mando fotos de mi cara por seguridad pues llebo mi vida normal como hombre, estas son mis fotos reales si te gustan mandame mail y si no por favor no me hagas perder el tienpo gracias......Hola soy un chico travesti q busca un rato de placer soy muy discreto y no me gusta meter en problemas a nadie y yo tambien quiero discrecion puedes hacer conmigo lo q quieras y cumplir tus fantacias me encanta q me dennlengua en el toto, no mando fotos de mi cara por seguridad pues llebo mi vida normal como hombre, estas son mis fotos reales si te gustan mandame mail y si no por favor no me hagas perder el tienpo gracias......We briefly sat next to each other this morning on our commute into the city.
Murakami is one of my favorite authors. I wanted to ask if you had read my favorite, Kafka On the Shore, yet but I had to get off before I could say anything.
I noticed the book first, and then your awesome big fluffy hat, and then your stunning dark hair. I'd love to grab a drink sometime and talk about books and things.We know each other from the gym. I wanted to ask for contact info but got flustered. Slim chance but hope you see this.<3
...................................................................................................................................................This is a long shot. I was with a colleague last night. You waved.....I was entranced by your beauty. We both caught each others attention as we glanced at each other....I doubt you'll ever see this, I sorry I missed you... you were adorable. If by some miracle this is you, let me know what you were wearing.I was sitting behind you with some female friends and you where with you friends. You had a blue shirt and glasses and really into the 90's music. I wish I was able to talk to you. Maybe next time.It was around 530 in the evening(Wednesday) and you were on the phone. We made eye contact plenty. Also, you have a great speaking voice among other things. Hope you get this.hello looking guy or cd who wants to come now I'm on the 94th street have place has to be soft treat me as a woman can be cd also just bring lubricant that not only have I speak Spanish, please send me picture with your description if send your photo and description and you would like to do not bother to write because I have never penetrated wall and I wanted is very important that you suck ass like that clean and ONLY SPANISH PLEASE 
hola busco chico o cd que quiera venir ahora estoy en la 94 street tengo lugar tiene que ser suave me trate como mujer puede ser cd tambien solo tiene que traer lubricante por que no tengo solo hablo español , por favor mandeme foto con su descripcion si no manda foto y su descripcion y que le gustaria hacer no se moleste en escribir gracias nunca me han penetrado y me muro de ganasha muy importante que le guste mamar culo y que se limpioHey,
You sat next to me and my friend at a restaurant and commented that I--like you--am half Chinese. Clearly we're not doing it very well, because neither of us speak the language.
Anyway, I wasn't really paying attention to what was happening on your end, but it seemed like you and your friend were stuck on a Grouper gone wrong.
You and your friend should come out with me and my friend one of these nights.
Send me an email with the restaurant we were at & optionally the stupidest joke you know. Because why not?yap yap yap, blah blah blah..
there's always gossip and idle chatter..
it doesn't matter if it's the stockboy making minimum wage
or the woman on line thinking she's better than everyone else,
if you question the price of a product that's been overcharged, 
if you take too long to cover the tab, if you made a human error and
forget to provide a raincheck, it's always psst psst psst, yap yap yap..
but never do I see any of these people digging into their pockets 
and throwing money around as if they're financially set for life..
so what's everyone's problem?
what is someone proving if they've been overcharged, but don't flinch,
or realize they have a raincheck on items in their cart and don't apply it, 
or realize they have the exact amount to cover the change portion of the tab 
and instead whisk out another bill? 
does it make them a better human being? 
does it make them more fiscally responsible or successful? 
what's it proving if instead of doing what you want to do you're not free, 
because you don't want to hear the psst psst psst.. yap yap yap...?
how to be free AND make everyone just muzzle it?You sat next to me on the #1 train. An MTA Conductor looked like Zac Brown of which I joked with you. You got off 14th Street. You were tall and Gorgeous. You had light pink gloves with metallic dots. You had very pretty eyes. I wish I would have said more.hey there,
you live in queens with your parents. 
been here for a year. 
from India. 
picked me up midtown and drove me to the upper west side.
you said "hope to see you again"
I said "how would that happen"
you said. . .it's happened before (you knew of an instance when it had).
that was it. . .I got out. wished we had exchanged numbers or something. 
hit me back if you see this and want to.I got on the Manhattan bound 2 train at Franklin Ave. in Brooklyn. You sat somewhat diagonal of me. 
You: Dark skinned. Quite handsome. You were wearing blue jeans and black sneakers. You were reading a newspaper.
Me: Charcoal grey coat, scarf. I tried to make eye contact as I exited at Fulton St. however, you were reading. Hope you see this.This happened on the PATH train at Newark Station after Pink's concert. at Prudential Center.
I'm the asian guy who smiled at you the whole ride and was way too shy to give you his number. I had a grey jacket on, white jeans, yellow hat.
You're a tall white guy. Wearing a maroon/yellow jacket on the outside, and orange on the inside - I noticed because you take your iPod Classic in and out of your pocket a lot. You had a blue denim backpack with white stars. Black shoes. Blue jeans. Black shirt with white text. You had a scruffy beard.
PINK SIGNED YOUR ARM and you said you would get it tattooed the next day.
I hope I get to see you again. I never had any of this kind of connection so I wasn't sure if I should make a move. Let's get a dinner or a drink sometime. :)
PS: If you're not gay or not interested and saw this ad, please let me know so I can put this to rest. :)11:30 or so on the 4 train from 14th to Brooklyn Bridge (I stayed on longer). You spotted me as you walked around a pillar at 14th and then we proceeded to exchange smiles/laughs on the train until you got off at Brooklyn Bridge. We caught each others' eyes in the reflection of the window. I thought it was my stop and I picked up my gym bag but realized it wasn't. I left you hanging. 
You were adorable/sexy. Hit me up. I was the strawberry blond with a short hair style (almost buzzed) with a gray scarf, jeans, and a gym bag.You had brown hair and wore the blue dress in the Wednesday night 12/11 performance.  You danced with me for a minute on the first floor and you looked deep into my eyes.
It was an amazing experience.  I know it was just part of the performance, but you surpassed any performance I could have expected, and you blew me away.  I just want you to know that you stirred my emotions, and because of that I deeply appreciated your art.
Thank you.we had a brief exchange at the coat check. i said that you were attractive, and it lead to a conversation i wish we could have continued. message me i'll be here until saturday.PLEASE EXCUSE THE SHOW THAT CAME ON TONIGHT LOL IT WAS A FILL IN ---PROPS TO CHRIS GETHERD PICKED UP BY COMEDY CENTRAL!! FROM MNNPLEASE EXCUSE THE SHOW THAT CAME ON TONIGHT LOL IT WAS A FILL IN ---PROPS TO CHRIS GETHERD PICKED UP BY COMEDY CENTRAL!! FROM MNNTo the "him" that was so intriguing.  I miss the you I knew - just a month ago.  I was fond of him.
The RAGING Herpes infection began to surface within a week of our last date. By then you had some bug, and a few days later I had symptoms. I hadn't been with another partner for a few years.
All sources acknowledge that the first outbreak is the worst.  Testing showed that it was only "oral" herpes HSV1 - but it was such a bad case of it - and all over! 1 lesion on my lip, 3 more in my mouth, and perhaps 9 "down under" on labias/vulvas, and another 3 around my rectum. It was hard to keep count! Using a mirror to inspect all of them was difficult.  
Given that, I WOULD HAVE REMEMBERED any previous outbreaks. This was a first outbreak.
I'm not a wimp. I've never even had a yeast infection before, but I don't take novacaine for fillings. I actually found myself hesitating to drink a glass of water.
To put it in perspective:
Paper cuts hurt.  
Think about sitting directly on a paper cut.
All day/Repeatedly.
And peeing over it.
A couple of times.
Every day.
For 2-3 weeks. 
Over 10 or so of them. 
That's some discomfort.
You were quite giving, during our 2 intimate times.
To my county STD clinic:
Thanks for getting me in for quick testing. Best $5 I ever spent. I'm sorry that I jumped so much when you ripped the top off a lesion to take a culture.  
To my gyn:
I'm certain that you found it perplexing that I choose this guy, after being celibate for a few years. I  will put more thought into it next time, I am totally perplexed. And appalled. And wishing I had a turn back time machine - for the first time in my life. I'm also sorry that I jumped so much when you ripped the tops off three of the lesions for testing. I especially jumped when you hit the one that the county nurse had just probed so much.
To his "doctor":
- I have never known a sore dick to be a symptom of a cold, but I'm a girl. You told him that? Where did you get your degree?
- HSV1 isn't a big deal to those that already have it - but can be a total shit storm to those that are newly exposed and experience it in multiple places - aka me.
- I don't know what you actually said and what you didn't, because when I brought up the first sign of trouble - he said that he had previously told fabrications "to impress"
- I don't understand you saying that he has antibodies in his blood, but doesn't have the herpes disease. But then again, you are likely fictitious.
To "him":
- Antibodies in your blood mean that you have it. And have had it for weeks/months longer than my issues brought it to your attention. It takes a few months for the antibodies to appear in blood tests. It doesn't then go away. So you need to rethink the other 3 people that you've been with in the past 30 years, and need to be more considerate of others.
- You have it, I didn't give it to you, you gave it to me.  But, all these things are increasingly irrelevant.
- So far, tests show, this was the only thing you will ever give me, and I will be more careful and try to avoid making the same mistake twice. 
Thank you to you, dear reader, for letting me vent.
(This is my office location, not where I live)I saw you on the platform at 14th Street Union Square Tonight heading toward Brooklyn. You caught my eye and I know I caught yours. I was wearing a white shirt blue jacket. If you remember, I would like to talk to you :) you looked great. Tell me what you were thinking :)You and I passed each other, then asked if we knew each other.  I was a little shy to respond.  Saw you later down stairs waiting in line glancing over.  Wish I would have given you my card or at least introduced myself.
Let's meet. Tell me something about the situation so I know it's you.R,
Podemos tener algo maravilloso. Quiero mas. Necesito mas. Espero tu respuesta. 
Un beso,
GHi,
I was joking around with my friend in front of Commodore  and shaking my ass. You thought we were laughing at you or your bike. You chatted us up and described your horrible Tinder date that you just ditched. My friend kicked me for not trying to get your number and you rode off before I could catch up to you. I even happened to mention missed connections. What color was your bad date's sweater, so I know it's you? 
PS. We think her voice is annoying too.This is totally a long shot but I figured I'd give it a try... We were both waiting for the 3 train at 42nd today (around 7:40 pm or so), talked about the huge rat that was eating an apple right in front of us.  Then we got on the train and you mentioned that I should post the video :)  I had to get off at 72nd...  Your name is Jessica.  If this means something to you, I would love to get in touch.You pulled something out of your pocket and dropped a spare button on the L train tonight going from Manhattan to Brooklyn; I handed it back to you. I was getting off at Lorimer and told myself I'd talk to you if you got off at my stop but you didn't so I didn't, although I did look back when I got off and our eyes met briefly. Maybe we can get a drink sometime?This is a long shot. I was online you stood really close to me at the register and we laughed when you had to move so I could get my bag. I doubt you'll ever see this, I looked like a mess but you were adorable. If by some miracle this is you, let me know what you were wearing.<3
...................................................................................................................................................I went up the stairs this afternoon around 1230 and you were getting off the train. We crossed paths and just stared at each other until we passed. You're beautiful. You are of Asian decent and had a green coat on. I had on head phones, kind of scruffy. I wanted to talk but, well you know how it is. I'd love to know you.I don't know what happened with that weird dude dancing next to you but something hit you and your face was priceless. I thought at one point he was going to hit that girl in the face. I couldn't stop looking at you...and when you got off, you looked back and smiled twice at me. You had on a blue "peacoat" I think they are called, you were crocheting something and I had on a black jacket and book bag...blah blah blah.... You have the best smile. 
Anyway, this is ridiculous I am doing this but after you got off... I was remiss. I just hope you see it or I see you again. See you in the same train car soon? :)Saw you in Target you had black hair black leggings 5 or 6 inch heels with blk and white stripped mini skirt I was on the next line you asked me to cut in front of you I said it was okay the other pearson hitting on you  threw me  off thougth he was with u one in a millon if you read this want you to know that you are unforgetable so 
sexy and beautiful love to connect with u confirm its u by telling me who you where withWe were on a crowded 6 train heading uptown.  You were holding a Virginia Woolf book, wearing a patterned multi-colored coat with a hood, that was up.  Looked like you had blond hair under that hood.  You had a pink shoulder bag and matching pink iPhone c.  I think you got on at Union Square.  We caught each other's eyes at some point and smiled at each other, before you got off at 33rd street, at 6:45pm.  I liked your smile.  If you can say something about me or the situation that will let me know it's you, I would love to get a drink and talk about which song you would sing if you thought nobody was looking....We just took an all male nude yoga class together and walked and talked for a few blocks before I went to the train and you caught a cab.  I meant to give you my number! If you see this, give me a shout.  You were handsome and cool and I'd love to hang out.Idk if you'll see this but it's all I can think of doing 
On 23rd tonight the 6 pulled up I see a gorgeous blonde sitting inside 
I walked in and headed towards the empty seat in front of you
I decided "nah the seat next to you seemed more fitting"
I wanted so badly to say anything to you but no I literally just sat their playing with my fingers listening to music then we got to grand central and I stepped out just looking back hoping you would step out as well I said to myself "if she does I have to say something" but no every time I looked over at you I just felt as tho I had no chance we waited to get into the 4 and you seemed to have gotten a little agitated by how slow people were entering the train and stormed in at that point I'm like yeah I like this girl 
I could keep going describing how I drove myself insane mentally thinking to much about an encounter that may have ment nothing to you but I enjoyed your presence 
I was tall placed backpack on lap when sitting next to you
You.,,well you were simply perfect when you got off at 86th all I could think was why didn't I just say hi or have a goodnight anything I watched you leave getting agitated again by how slow people were exiting the train lol you're fucking awesomeHey. We live in the same building on the UWS. We shared the elevator twice, earlier this evening. You took your dog out and I went to Duane Reade and then down to the basement to get my laundry. I may have been a bit cold to you, but I felt that you may have been into me.
Would love to have you over for a drink and possibly more...
Be in touch.I found myself dinning at the Jekyll and Hyde with two of my close friends this evening, and as I was enjoying the theatre and fare I had an experience that I will never forget. Halfway through my meal I laid my eyes upon a tall, lean figure whose striking blonde hair caught the light so perfectly, that I couldn't help but feel paralyzed. I am a dark haired wicken, many would describe me as goth, but I like to describe myself as tastefully alternative.
Now I don't mean to forward, but all I could think about the entire night, was wrapping myself up in your absurdly long coat tonight and waking up to the feeling of your warm breath upon my brow.Hi,
We both got on the Brooklyn bound 4 or 5 train at Brooklyn Bridge/City Hall earlier this evening. Me: Charcoal grey coat w/scarf. Kept trying to cop-a-feel as we made our way to Brooklyn.  to 
You: Tall, handsome, in grey jeans.  I believe you were trying to make it easier for me to cop-a-feel without it being so obvious. ;-)   
I slipped my number in your pocket. I'm open to a friendship, or just about anything. :-) 
Hope to hear back!We kept bumping into each other at the UA Kaufman Studios movie theater last night (Tuesday night), from the moment we walked in until the moment we went to our movies. We were each with someone, but had we not been, I would've loved to have seen a movie with you.
Maybe we could sneak away to another movie ourselves sometime? :)Hi-Barbara, I need to talk to you real bad. I'm getting good on the guitar, but not as good as if I went to a school of fine arts in  New York. I'm sure there's plenty near Perry street where you live. If I don't enroll in a school within the next few months, I'm doomed to live a life of despair. If you ever want to help me, now is the time I need it most! I need help so much, I can't sleep at night! Mike.I was on a date with someone else but enjoyed talking to you. You told me about walking in circles and missing seeing someone on a date- passing each other on the block. wanted to talk to you more but I couldn't. Anyway, if you read this by some off chance, drop me a line. You are tall w. dark hair.you:beautiful,sweet,sexy,smart,short hair,korean..did i mention sweet?
me:funny,sarcastic,loco,still in love with you,hispanic:)
from " a " to " e "Alguna dama k desee amistad o algo mas yo..185 libras.alegre melomano..discreto..si te animas escribeme o mandame tu foto..graciasasia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaHi, 
I stood across from you on the D Train from Grand Street to Barclays Center.  (My stop was one after that at 36th Street) and when you stood up to leave I was a bit disappointed you got it.
We looked at each other for quite some time and I noticed while walking away we both turned and looked at each other again.  However, the train's doors closed.
Here is hoping I see you again.  You were sitting down, but I noticed you had on glasses, some highlights in your hair and had on business clothes.
I had a silly winter hat on with my black jacket and gray jeans.I 'm looking to meet someone a woman tonight
have a drink and have the greatest massage ever tonight
Send me you number for quick reply...I can't believe I'm making this. But, the fact remains that I often think back with a serious aching to the ONE evening we had the pleasure of experiencing one another and wish we could do it again. Something clicked for me that night and I think you are a special woman for your openness and kindness (not to mention a few other unspeakably hot things).
I wish we could do it all again.I stood on the platform near you because your shoes reminded me of a friend's. When you turned to face me, I was surprised by what a nice face you have. I got shy when we got on the train and lost my nerve to smile at you. And then my stop came so quickly--there was no time to recover! It's a shot in the dark, but if you read this, let's have a drink.I see you there almost every night. Tonight I was in the locker room leaving when you were changing into your jeans. Then there's the time we both got off on the wrong floor when the elevator stopped on our way out of the gym...
Would like to talk to you but you always have earbuds in, so it's pretty impossible. 
Hit me back if this sounds familiar. Let's grab a beer or somethingHi,
I saw you and our eyes met and we kept making glances at each other.  I was wearing a very fun/winter hat that was purple and blue.  I also had on a black jacket, gray jeans and had a black bag with me.
You were a gorgeous, tall asian woman with black hair.  You were wearing black boots, black tights with black shorts over them with a white jacket.
We both got on the D Train towards Brooklyn at Bryant Park.  I really hope to see you again!I was just coming back from work and I saw you across the aisle. Do you remember me, I remember you.We were in the dry sauna this afternoon--- was gonna ask you something but you were still showering when I left. Email me a pic so I know it's youHey you were standing at the bar talking to someone. you were wearing a blue sweater vest and were in your late 30s early 40s. You had a wedding ring on but kept messing with your pants. i was standing waiting for the ferry to dock and we kept looking at eachother.Dec 11, 2013- Today at Ikea in Brooklyn. I sat on this gray sofa-bed. You walked over and spoke to me. I got up. I had hopes you would approach me once more. Uncertainty took over. The attraction is undeniable. I know this is a long shot but I guess I have to redeem myself for not making an effort. I believe if it is meant to be, it will be, with or without this post. :)You were on the treadmill, and you caught me looking a few times. I smiled. I am not sure if you were shy or didn't know if I was looking at you or something else. You did glance back a couple of times. Well if you are interested, here I am.yo you have to notice that I stare at your crotch everytime you come in because you must have no underwear on, that meat is nice, if its you  tell me what i had on today, i'm down 4 whatevaLooking for a really cute Latino guy.  I started standing in front of you. Then sat directly across. You got off at 145. I should have followed you. Hit me up.You seemed to be looking for someone in the bathroom...tell me what sink you used and maybe I can help you find what you were looking for. You wandered into Grand Central...just too many people...Last Friday--you came and sat next to my coworker and I. I opened your beer for you and we chatted for much of the ride down. You're a science teacher and you were going to your friends party in the city, I was coming back from work. When we got to grand central I wanted to ask for your number but didn't want to in front of my boss. You got off and then I couldn't find you. Let me know if you'd like to get drinks sometimewe were working out at the same time today (around 3-5 or so) you had on a ski hat and showed me how to do the row pullup things.  hit me up if you are interestedwe were on the crowded train, I got on at 125th Street, you were leaning on the door, next to the guy with the music and he was talking about his music toy, people were asking him questions, you asked him one, we are in our late 40's, early 50's ....hope we meet again..........you got off to transfer, you kept smiling, we kept smiling.  I'm the latina with the long hair.You were (are?) an Asian guy, pierced ear. We caught glances a few times. I was the guy who crawled under people to move further in the car, incidently next to you.Lavender dreams
Still meeting in our dreams, the latest filled with a lavender and forget-me-not field.  I love you and remain here with 100%to give for US and expect the same in return.  Here, this last place we embraced, here. . . also, where we split. Here. . ..  I know not anywhere else to be for you. I will not accept that last 12 years of knowing you to be lie, the years that brought US to this time, this place.  WE can be many things in many places, but all has to start with our reuniting and a choice to be together and embrace the future together.   I do what I think we would have chosen, it may not always be true  as "I" is always only half of this equation, but choices just the same.  I, you, we, me, just me. . ...the answer is" Us" , We Together, a home with spirits tame and free.  You knew I wood knot close the door,  and maybe you have knocked a time or two and I had not heard, but Darlin' I am home for you.we chatted for one stop and i know you just moved here from canada among other things...but didn't get your last name. you seem great. it was on the C train. i was on the way to the Knicks game, you were on the way to Moma. Find me!Longshot. Remember at the old Macy's mall and how we used to go to the fire exit and make out. Last time I saw you was at the Northern. I wish I had kept in touch.I've always waited for you but it could never be just for me.
She always had to be included. She would've been hurt if I didn't.
But I'm done with it. I can't be fake anymore. It's you I want.
And when I see you again, I'll give you a letter explaining it all.
I'm not deaf ~ I've heard you calling and I've understood those thinly veiled 
nuances you so deftly penned. Come let me hide you away for a while.
This time, let it be just for you and I.looking for the hipster chick on the L train with glasses, I saw you this morning, our eyes locked, we eye fucked the shit out of each other, I could of kissed you right then and there if it was only socially acceptable, I know you're special. I want to ask you out! maybe our paths will cross again soonWe talked at the bar last night while eating dinner.  I thought I felt a connection.  We both have our own lives but I can definitely see us meeting there again on one of your frequent trips.
Drop me a note that includes the city you live in so I know it's you.we met at whole foods in fairfield ct. we were buying the same beer. i found you absolutely charming. i cant get you out of my mind. if interested feel free to contact me...kevinDiscreet, bi guy looking to get off later today.  Would love to receive some hot oral, but open to more if chemistry is right. 
I'm 29, five seven, one forty lbs, top. Cock is about 7". 
Indian ancestry, but was born here in NY
Clean and disease free. only disease free guys....
Send your age and stats if you want a response. must be discreet 
No games..this is for soon. I can host if you're discreet.You scolded us for talking during someone's performance, but all was resolved. You bought us a round of drinks, and we toasted to "living beyond our means." We were wondering if you and your beard wanted to do some scolding in a more private setting. We've been so bad. 
Toby, hit us up with the name of your beard.Just saw you in the locker room this afternoon. You had blue sweatpants. You are hot! I saw you just as you left the shower, and you seemed happy to share all your hotness with me :) 
Let me know something about me, and let's work out together sometime.Are you a beautiful woman that has posted a Missed Connection on Craigslist? Did that guy you lusted after never get back to you? Well, I am sorry that I missed your missed connections post. I am way too busy to read every one of these posts so I am going to make this simple. I thought you were hot too. I cant remember where you saw me but I am sure that I noticed you too, so if you will just remind me where we saw each other and what exactly you looked like (a photo would be great for this) I am sure we can pick up right where we left off and you can take me home with you. I will be everything you dreamed of. 
Waiting for you... 
-- The Guy who missed your Missed Connections post. 
* Whatever fantasy you have created in your head since you posted we can play out 
** I may look like someone completely differentHey there..you had blonde hair and blue eyes, obviously checking eachother out, you staring me turned me on and I think you noticed..looking to meetup and take it from there..100 percent real..let me know what you were looking at so I know it's you..Hi
I should have said something, I cannot stop thinking about you.  We made eye contact that morning and I knew we had chemistry, maybe love at first sight, it was strong enough to make both of us stop and look at each other.....
When the event was over you were doing something and we made accidental contact for a nano second, it made both of us look and say an embarrassed "sorry".
Ever want to meet for coffee?  Tell me when......
If you read this you will remember how we touched and what you were doing, please tell me and we can make history.
I know its corny but that chemistry is rare.You're the handsome blond guy at NYSC Stamford Tuesday night around 8-9pm in a white Under Armour tshirt. I think you were working out abs and maybe chest/arms? We worked out near each other for a while while I was doing triceps. Didn't want to make anything awkward at the gym, but would be cool to grab a drink some time.  Let me know.staring at your shoes. You could read my mind. You knew I wanted to become your submissive and serve you by becoming your houseboy. I am 52 years old and a business executive. I hope you will contact me so I can present myself to you.I realize that this is a long shot, but here goes nothing.
 A friend and I were on our way to a meeting in Bushwick when we decided to kill some time and grab a coffee. As we walked in and took our seats, there you were. I reached over to your table to charge my phone, and you smiled at me. My friend Jon and I were joking with each other, saying that we both looked like we were dressed for a duck hunt. I noticed that you laughed but didn't look up. You were sketching, or writing in a note book, but I didn't get close enough to see what you were working on. I was wearing a tweed blazer and a camo button up shirt, with a grey beanie. You had beautiful long brown hair, glasses, a green coat with a drawstring at the top of the hood, and red nike's. I wanted to say hi, but the cafe was as quiet as a library haha. After you paid your bill, I went outside to see if I could catch you, but you had already left.
I probably wont see you again, but I just wanted to say thank you. Yesterday was one of the roughest in a while, and when you smiled at me, however briefly, it made me forget all of the bullshit that I was dealing with. I could feel that there was something there... To the point that I am on Craigslist in the missed personals section ( This is so not like me, how did I end up here? haha )
Anyways, If I never see you again, thank you for making my day.Early this morning at 36th and Madison. You were changing and I had to get my keys at locker directly in front of you.  You were also shaving by the sinks beforehand. 
Let me know if you want to hangout.Been a while..this was from around 2 years ago to last year that we used to hang out once in a while. You lived in brooklyn, i'm in manhattan. Lost your number...Its crazy to actually think youd ever look in this section but if its meant to be I guess somewhow well bump into eachother again.
Its Chris from Miami. We met the summer before last on Adam4Adan and we ended up haning out most of the summer. Showing me around NY and just hanging out. We were on the Brooklyn bridge when that ambulance exploded under us.
Ill never forget you bro. I wish I took all the chances I had to take you seriously. I miss you and I really hope some day we meet again... I leave it up to fate I guess
I miss you getting on my last nerve! Haha and running away from you all the time just to call u and ask u where you are and eating the 20 piece nuggets at mcdonalds.... I miss you manI think your very beautiful.  You have to be married . Just wanted to say your gorgousMy umbrella grabbed onto your coat yesterday morning getting onto the B train at Atlantic Ave and I should've grabbed you right then. You were wearing a red stocking cap and have the biggest, darkest, sexiest eyes I've ever seen. We made eye contact a few times during the ride until you got off at 42nd Street, and I've had you running around in my head since then. Message me if you'd like to go on another ride together.It was 6:30 on the Coney Island bound Q. You were so stunning. Blonde hair, red nails, boots, and an oversized furry jacket that you were swimming in. I couldn't stop staring at you, but couldn't grasp enough courage to say something, either. Hopefully I'll have a chance to run into you again. I'll be taking that train everyday until I see you again.Hello, reliable driver available for right now, someone reserved me for tonight and then backed out at the last second, so I am posting so tonight isn't a total loss. If your up and in need of a driver (who wants to try to get a cab in the cold) I am available. Best way to reach me is text 347 threefournine 44 fourty seven. Available for short or long trips, airports, NY NJ and CT 
Lets go get thi$ 
SUV leather GPS tint,I know this is a one in a million shot, but hear me out. 
I left a small black backpack on the Manhattan-bound L train I was taking around 1:45 last night. I got off at Grand St, and as soon as the train doors closed behind me I realized what had happened but it was too late. If you happen to have found a bag that night you are my savior.
A reward is in order if you have found it! There is a laptop inside it with files on it that are only valuable to me, and much more important than the laptop itself.  The backpack also has two books in it.  If you have found it, please respond to this ad with the name of one of the books, and I'll write back with the name of the other.
BlessingsI keep missing you , as you sit there looking at me
wondering if i am married also
I look at you and wonder if you are .
We are both mature adults and respect our families ,
We are both professional but missing that . . .. . ..you know.
We keep looking at each other , but some how we keep missing each other
we don't have to miss each other here
do you have my attention? 
Do i now have yours?Beautiul Blonde at the Hess gas station Dunkin Donuts around 8;30 most mornings.you smiled I said hi a few times while on line.You always headed torwards the Bear Mountian Bridge.I would like to meet you f or coffee ,lunch I live in Rockland co.most time you are at the gas  pumpI was the girl standing inside the door in the 525 7th ave building next to a starbucks.  It was almost 3pm afternoon. I saw you looked at me inside the building and took a second look when you walked passed me and you opened  the door to the starbucks. 
I was wearing a light pink shade wool trench coat with a trapper fur lined hat and a thick scarf. I'm a short petite girl.  I hope you see this posting you brightened my day. I think you are cute. If you think its you.....respond with what you were wearing that day.i dont think youll see but incase you do 
hit me up if you'd like to get serviced.
we'll keep this DL so no one's girl finds out.
would love to suck you and let you have your way w my ass 
you have a friend that comes over a lot too wouldn't mind a group thing if he's into it
you guys are always outside...
send me some kind of photo or description of whats outside your house to let me know its you
a street number wouldnt hurt either lol.We met in the sauna by the pool - your name is Christen.  A brief and sudden encounter so it only sunk in later that I got a real kick out of hearing you rant and rave about crazy people in New York!  So funny.  And you're obviously very attractive too.  Would be nice to meet for a drink next time you're in the neighborhood!
happy holidaysYesterday evening at rush hour we stood opposite each, other smiled at each other several times with extended eye contact.  You checked me out as I exited at Grand Central and I turned back for one last smile.
You:  Longish dark brown hair, wire glasses, quilted jacket and scarf, beautiful face and eyes.
Me:  Gray buzz hair, blue eyes camel coat, gray pants blue scarf.  I think you liked my shoes, too.
We both wear wedding rings.
Please see this and hit me back!!!!At approx 6:05 am you dropped off your mail. We exchanged " good morning" and keep looking back at each other. I wanted to get your name and possibly your number. Can we meet for coffee ?Hey Mr Costina / Costa thanks for being my lift buddy this week. Glad we're always there at the same time. Would love to hangout or talk about something other than lifting. 
Mthat should be enough for you to know if that is you
we always have the chance to fool around but I am not sure where you stand
tell me something so I know it is you and if you are interestedoh my word.
my kitten and i are smitten
hope you look here
i would like to kiss you on the cheek, there.
i was there saturday morning, let me know you got this.Who is wearing sexy boots today?  I think that's the only redeeming quality of this nasty weather...Sitting there on the 7 train w your headphones in, yellow hat on, looking insanely gorgeous. It was hard to look Bc you looked so good. I wanted to say hi as you got off on Queensboro Plaza but I choked... Hopefully you see this or we run into each other again :)I was dozing on the train only to wake up to the biggest bulge I've ever seen on the sexy bearded daddy that sat down in the seat next to me.  This was in the morning on 12/10 around 7:30 and you must have gotten on the downtown B around 86th Street, I got off at Rockefeller.  We made eye contact a few times and I blatantly was staring at your huge cock in your pants.  I'd love to see you again and find out how big it is.  I took this pic to hold me over, but I need the real thing. . .We glanced few times as I was getting in A or C, also while sitting across from each other yesterdayaround 2.20,  you got off at Jay for , I wish I said hello,Hi G. I misplaced your phone number, we talked last week and were going to do a shoot this week, please let me knowWe took A train from 42nd street, 
first you were recording video in subway for guy who was playing the instrument... We were standing in front of each other, you got of at 168th street.
you were wearing blue jeans, purple/blue north face jacket, dard red i phone cover listening music
You got beautiful eyes and your love for music makes you more attractive.
I was watching movie on DVD player..
If you know who am I , just talk to me next time you see me in the same train or email me if you would like to know more ...
have a good day beautiful girl.Hey what's up!  I highly doubt this will find you but we both got on the 44 in downtown flushing in front of the glass library and Starbucks. I was sitting almost in the last row and you sat right before the back door. We kept glancing over at each other or more you would catch me looking at you. I got off at booth memorial so the trip wasn't that far but from the moment I stood up to when I walked past the bus we locked eyes. You were beautiful and some kind of Spanish. I really should have said something to make it a little more memorable but I was too shy. I was wear jeans and a white and black plaid sweater. 
Hope to hear from you!asia sexy beautiful ladyboy experience enthusiasm happy you and me sexy boby to boby so good massage and service my name nanaI'm writing this for the girl
in her brother's meshed shorts
who shared a twin-bed
her macbook and a few kisses
that were softer than her sheets
and sadder than my music
with a man who'd run out of spirits
far too early in the night
and I suppose that while I'm here
I'm writing this for the girl
with the hard-covered books
stacked next to her fireplace
who liked her red wine 
and the sound of my voice
so little she let me 
drown in them both
an ocean awayYES IT GOT PICKED UP BY COMEDY CENTRAL.........
......................................................
...........................................................Yesterday around 3pm at The Container Store in Chelsea
I was in one stall, you in the other larger one. You had glasses and kept looking at the wall so you could see me. I was watching you the same way and saw you beating off. Was fucking to bro...made my cum. Why did you stop or not make it more obvious? Meet up again?Damn, Girl. You made such a strong impression. Emanating a sexy confidence that is unrivaled. And then you said something in between I'm drunk and I need to focus that left me with a few clever responses and teased with my curiosity fully piqued. Shit I don't expect you to read this, hell if you did I'd be embarrassed, but before I write a story about yesterday I kind of felt this fitting in a way. You walked out of the bar and I went to smoke moments after, like I had something to say because I just didn't want the conversation to end.
Man but do I find you so sexy. Everything about you is cute, even that pup you had with you. The fact you called in and hung out at a bar is fucking awesome and the kind of person right up my ally. You appreciated my honesty, so in a way this is me being honest about that brief half hour between us.  
I'm sure we'll hang out again, and it shall be fun.To the Hispanic guy in pathmark Tuesday around 5-6 in the itailian aisle  blk n  panamainian guy   . In not sure ur into it but I like Wat I seen and would like to get to no u more if u see this hit me back and we,ll take it from thereWhatsup we were in Walmart the boys section, u had had ur baby with u we looked at each other smiled and nodded . Then we shook our heads about the kid screamin in the cart. I liked Wat I seen and hope u did to so if ur into it and wana chill hit me up I can meet up with and go from thereWe met after your "uninteresting" Christmas party on the uptown 2,3. U told me your life's history without providing a phone number.  Would love to learn more about you outside of the train.
Me -girl w/ the non UK accent.