Saw you at Powell's books a few days ago. Just a fleeting moment, can't be sure if you recognized me. You were wearing a jean jacket, sippin on a cup of coffee, lookin for a place to sit. 
I've met you a couple times at parties at your house in N portland, and I guess I've been hoping to run into you. And I did, but I missed my chance to strike up sober conversation.
So listen, I think you're cute. I get this feeling you might think I'm cute. Wanna watch a movie and cuddle on rainy days?
If you happen to see this wonderboy, send me an e-mail, signed with your name so this connection doesn't have to be missed.You Oregon Duck jacket - buying for lasgna dinner.  Ran into you shopping several times, then you were right behind me in line. Could it be that you are/were interested? You did look to see which door I exited.  Coffee? Drink?We have been chatting about me coming to live with you in exchange for housekeeping, cooking, cleaning.....but the 'anonymous craig's list e-mail' is now being returned. Any reason ? I'm confused & NOW have turned-down several 'offers' so I could come stay with YOU ! :( 
ME:  DWF, 42, blue eyes, blonde hair, HWP.....small dog who needs a yard.... Very hard worker, just needs a 'hand-up not a HAND-out ?'
You: looking for someone who will put everything in order, needs someone to cook yummy meals, someone to clean until your friends are IMPRESSED, secure, confident, homeowner with "extra space" ???Looking for Pedro Diaz from nayarit mex around 41 yo If u know of him let me know he used to work outside of wilsonvilleI was in Portland over the weekend visiting my nieces and happened to find you working a couple days in a row. You recognized me after my first visit and waved. You have a gorgeous smile and I can't help but continue to think about you. I made the mistake of not asking your name or contact info, maybe you will see this and write. I was sporting my California pride with a Red San Francisco hat. Hope to hear from you beautiful!I've seen you at school a few time and I commented on your uniform. Last night I almost said hi when I noticed you and we locked eyes....but I chickened out, pais for my groceries and left. If you'd like to go grab something other then pizza sometime, let me know.I woke up today, in my empy bed, with my mind playing tricks on me again. "She must be in the bathroom, or maybe she got up early to make us coffee". As the fog lifts and my eyes adjust to the gloomy half-light of my room i realize once again that you are'nt coming back to bed, that you're not coming back at all. 
    Too many what ifs and could have beens...all that is left now is disappointment. 
    To all of you out there, man and woman alike. If you really love someone, let them know. Dont take them for granted. Dont think your so special that they will be perfect for you, regardless of what you put them through. I lost the love of my life,while i was lost in my own head. I could blame this town, or the one she chose to lay with. I could rage against infidelity and the nature of young women in society. I tried to find solace in these explainations, but none was there. It wont bring her back, or erase the past. So I choose now to move on. As far as this little town will let me.I'm looking for an old friend. We lost touch after being in a Meteorology night class at PCC in 2005. I've been trying to find her on facebook every so often, but to no avail. She went by Katrina on the role call, but was really called Kasia (pronounced Kashya). I think her last name started with a K also. She is Polish, and has a little boy who's about 9 now, whose name starts with a J. She lived with her mother in Beaverton in 2005, and her father was a conscientious objector held prisoner by the Russian government. (The teacher recognized her name, and asked about it) She was such a wonderful person. I hope to meet her again. Please, if you know her, link her this personal. My name is Feygon.There are songs I can't listen to
Anymore
Their notes leave a residue 
On my skin like
Your sweat used to.
Like the passion that seeped 
Through your pores and puddled on 
Mine
Do you remember?
The heat eminating from two.
I remember.
Your windows dense with trapped fog.
My thoughts
Stopped in time.
Longing for a minute or two more.
I forgot.
You didn't belong to me.
Clear the fog and open the windows.
I have to say goodbyeI still miss you from time to time... But I still hate you for what you let me see.
"Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead."I can't help that once I heard she ended things with you that it brought a huge smile to my face for a few different reasons. Like for one she no longer stands in my way blocking my chance with you. Another being as time went by I saw smiles fade replaced with a emotionless expression. She was only bringing you down . I'm kinda shocked that you haven't let it effect you. Your smile and laughters back strong. Maybe you finally realized you deserve more. I will give you what she failed to. She must be blind to let someone like you go. Her lose my gain =]I don't take it for granted. I didnt then and I dont now.
Now I will say that you really let me down. You let me down early in the course of our many years, though we were still basically children then. You let me down the many many times you were willing to ditch me and move into one community house or another, one college or another, one project or another that would exclude me. You let me down when I was sick and needed you. You let me down by being unfaithful and lying about it, then hypocritical when I dated others and told you. Dont take the moral high ground against me like I fucked up in isolation while failing to appreciate the one person in this world with vision. *I* have vision. I have created things and these things are set into motion whether I make it through these events or not. I know I made a difference, and despite making many mistakes, I know that I fought at great risk to myself for the things I believed in most. My greatest failure was also yours. My life in general is a success and I feel good about what I left behind. 
I have learned a lot this last year. So much. I have learned a lot in the last few months that I never learned before my previous relationship ended. We were stagnant. We had fallen into routine and our lives were mundane. It crushes the spirit.
I wouldnt discount me just yet. You do have a choice though. You could pretend like you lack agency in these events or you could choose to live up to what we always talked about since we were children together. 
You also have agency in this. You could accept my offer of peace and we could work together. I have a little girl who needs me.
I have moved on and I wont try to get you back, but we dont have to be enemy's just because we are no longer partners.Venice-
I had an awesome time hanging out with you. I wish it didn't have to end is abruptly but I got dragged out by my shirt collar from "hulking out". You really have a great sense of humor and I hope you had a great of night as I did and I really hope to see you again. 
EricWhat? How does that even make any sense. Replenish esteem? Draining? Oh your excuses are getting worse not better.
Big fail!!We both have dark hair, dark features, glasses.  You're younger than me and kinda new, but I'd say we're both in pretty good shape.  Our paths keep crossing and seems like we've been making plenty of eye-contact the past few months.  I don't know if you swing both ways and it's not like I'm gonna ask you at work... but damn, what I wouldn't do for a 10 minute make-out session with you.
If you see this and you're interested, write back and tell me where our paths crossed tonight.  You will not regret it :)I feel like a loser posting this but I am so curious about you. The minute I saw you my mouth dropped due to your looks. But I would like to know more. You were at the snowboard hall in the main room at a kiosk with computers. 
There is no chance you will read this but wanted to let you know I checked you out. 
I'm an attractive stocky Latino wanting to know more.Any additional details or hints? It's still vague to respond to song lyrics with other song lyrics.You are great. You are beautiful, smart, insightful, you have actual things to say about politics and stuff... and I'm just here. I'm not impressive. I'm just a pretty face. You're filled with potential. Yes, you are. Stop pretending you're not. I'm full of piss and vinegar. We'll see where that gets me. Maybe somewhere great, but maybe nowhere. Maybe I'll just talk a big talk and... nothing really. That's for me to figure out. You got shit going on. Please, stop pretending you don't. You are way cooler than me. Serious. You are a strong woman. 
Advice to you?
Tell people to fuck off, because you are worth so much more than you give yourself credit for. 
Oh, And OWN IT! Your time is too valuable to deal with shit heads. Really, it is, and I'm so very lucky to have met you and have gotten to spend time in your life. Anyone who meets you and gets to spend a few hours with you is, as well. Know that, please.I'm on the job. You board on 11th, often Couch and get out at Jefferson or Clay. Intrigued for years and we've worked up to a wave, a smile and some direct eye contact. Tell me what I'm doing when you see me and the color of your jackets. You're a prince of a guy - I'd like to get to know you.Us not being together had nothing to do with us not being able to be together. It had everything to do with you not being able to be with me. You're so terribly afraid of leaving what hasn't worked for years for something unknown, which isn't really even unknown. You know how I feel. Excuse me for not wanting to play along on a back burner anymore. Excuse me for moving on from being a second choice. Excuse me for waiting for a call at two AM to support and encourage what was in turn taken from me and contributed to your other. I honestly hope the best for you, but I want to be happy. I need you to stay away so I can enjoy what I have. Because you don't see me as anything more than replenishing esteem. I hate to say I can't give that anymore but it drains me. And leaves me empty and sad. I don't have time to feel that way anymore. What did you want to give to me? Did you even care about me?There are no words that could really ever describe what it feels like.
I love you more than I hate you, and I hate you a lot these days.Were you an angel making me feel like a man or a dream?
Who knows........all I know is you were a dream come true...if I could ever talk with you again I would win your heart and make you smile and show you what our connection means to me.
I shall think of you always and never forget.
Thank you so much.
Your friend from here on out, G.3 pm Caught you checking me out. I was checking you out as well. 
I wish I had the chance to meet you, but was with co-workers. 
You will most likely never see this but I felt I had to post my first CL missed connection.
If you somehow stumble upon this post tell me what chain we were eating at.Hey, hope you check this tonight :)
We definitely exchanged flirtatious glances as I was waiting for the elevator. You walked up the stairs with your friends. Let me know something about me so I know this is you. Hope you see this!Another week is going by and this makes what, 260 of them or so?  You are gone, not forgotten, and every now and then make yourself known to me again.  Why?  It is longer for you, no doubt, than it is for me, but it still doesn't seem very long in some ways.  There probably is nothing more to be done other than wait because it may be too early to draw any conclusions about our future.  Or, I may be carrying that torch that stupid men have done for millennia when they get dumped.  In either even, I'm getting on fine, and in fact things seem to be improving substantially.  It would be nice if we could travel south together for a couple of weeks.  Hang out in the Arizona sun together.  What do you think?I've been thinking about the fun we had during that summer.  I'd like to reconnect and continue our friendship.  Please tell me what youcan recall from that summer so I know it's truly you.  BTW, you are still the best I've ever had!!!
-StephanieI winked at you and so not have a subscription. If you want to chat email me and tell me how old you are and where your from so I know it's you.Double take on the stairs. You were going up, I was going down. I feel like I knew you, but maybe not. You are really handsome. Happened earlier this evening.Sorry I didn't say hi, I am shy... We spoke briefly by the eggs and stood next to each other in the check out line.While it totally disappoints me to put this out to the world via Craigslist but somehow it has to be said. 
I first met someone at a job orientation for the rose quarter in 2011. While nothing at all special at the time we caught each other after orientation at pioneer place. It wouldn't be for a few months until you pointed out i worked with you at the the garden while on the freight elevator at JWField. After a while it became a friendship seeing that not only the floor supervisor moved you out to the club level at the garden seeing that there was something between us at the time and telling me that he moved her out there" because you are here", but eventually leading to us hang out one evening. While it started more as a way to get to know each other out side of work, having people yell out their car that "we look good together",  it quickly led to something more which was initiated by you while leaving me to wonder whats going on?... Quickly things turned more awkward when you told me you already had a boyfriend but we still could be what we were, but honestly made no sense why for the solid summer of 2012. things were strange nights we worked at the field, with you crying and saying things were awful and that you weren't going to find the right guy... Not to mention the few nights before you went to moonlight masquerade and had to get a certain test... It wasn't until the soccer season ended in 2012 that really things just completely opened up after a invite to drink after work with you and the crew, than found out that the man you were seeing was not too far off from where you two still work. You obviously apologized to me the next day and after a few weeks of cooling down i took you out to dinner to clear up my anger, which is when i found out you two were finally serious. Honestly the things that put me over the edge were the fact that it became not only infracting on my job having to be polite and not loose my cool or make it look to people that something about someone was bothering me and playing it off like there was nothing wrong. The fact that someone who worked with us directly asked about you two to me. And seeing you two at the field together. I honestly wouldn't have much disgust between you two, if you didn't put me into a trap and make me feel exposed, dumb, ugly, used, and my heart curb stomped.  I normally am not a negative person, many of you probably will know who this is after you read it. I think the worst part is that i cant say this to either of you personally. And in my case i apologize for being in the middle of something that was completely uncalled for. But the way everything was handled was quite poor. I hope you took him out to dinner theater like we were supposed to do with that pass but the truth is that i made my effort to be a friend and for a brief moment things were perfect, but the end result is me leaving a anonymous craigslist post and being lost in myself for the past year feeling bitterness and resentment on even thinking about a relationship or honestly being myself. I don't want this to go out and cause a tizzy fit between the places and cause drama, But i had to put out what needed to be said. I may be exposing a lot to some, not enough to others.  Im trying to protect all 3 of us in this, while placing a message that may not get seen.  If you do see this i hope you see the damage you have caused to someone. It sucks when you don't feel comfortable at work, but if it wasn't for me you probably wouldn't have been moved out to the club, i hope your relationship is going splendid! And in the future i hope i become a story you tell to people about how not being honest can hurt someone. Maybe we could have stayed friends, but currently my POV is still blurred.YOU were the guy at the cash window and i was in the backseat, my father requested a lottery ticket in addition to his order, you laughed.... we caught eyes, and smiled.... i was gonna call there and give you my number but thought it would have been strange.... are you out there!?You thought my name was Jason for some reason and we spoke for about 15 minutes.  You're a very attractive woman and seem like a good person.  I was going to ask for your number and then I think your BF called and you left...  Maybe we can continue our conversation again sometime?  I remember your name, what's mine?You showed up today wanting to get am air check. You seemed kinda unsure about what to ask and the woman with you told me. I wanted to jeep talking to you because you are unbelievably cute., but my coworker took over. If you read this let me know what place you went to and if I can take you out some timeI saw you working in the mall tonight with the cutest purple toes and I can't stop thinking about how beautiful they were - I wanted to say something but alas was too shy...
If your feet are sore, I would love to give them a massage :-)  But if it was only to show off, it worked!Loving you
Isn't the right thing to do
How can I ever change things
That I feel
If I could
Maybe I'd give you my world
How can I
When you won't take it from me
You can go your own way
Go your own way
You an call it
Another lonely day
You can go your own way
Go your own way
Tell me why
Everything turned around
Packing up
Shacking up is all you wanna do
If I could
Baby I'd give you my world
Open up
Everything's waiting for you
You can go your own way
Go your own way
You an call it
Another lonely day
You can go your own way
go your own way
I know we both love each other on a very deep level. I also know that both of us understand that we would never do well together again. You made the right call.You came into the coffee shop I work at sometimes, and I was hoping you would again but it's been months! You had an amazing L'cie tattoo on your arm, you said the artist was based in Seattle and you were kind enough to write down his information for me. But I lost the post-it note :(  
Hope you see this!
P.S.- If this post is not in reference to you, then please don't respond to it..Originally we crossed paths at PCC Sylvania. Then I came into your work to get coffee one day and we introduced ourselves formally. I want to believe that your name was Jordan but I could be entirely wrong. Flannel.  Get in touch if for some reason you stumble upon this.We're in the same math class. I like your face. And how quiet you are. I'm pretty sure I saw you at the rvivr show, but was too introverted to do anything. That usually doesn't happen to me. Lets get a drink sometime?Wow!!
I don't even know for sure that Ian is your name.
I sat next to you today(10/28/13) and struck up a conversation. 
You are so cute>-<
I got hard just sitting next to you.
I don't even know if you're interested, but if you are, tell me what we talked about so I know it's you.
Would love to get to know you more intimately.  
***update***
Saw you again, today, 11/13/13I just saw you at Fred Meyers and told you you're beautiful. You appreciated it. I tried to find you to ask you out, but you were gone. Hopefully you'll check this.That's right. I want someone who will lie about her marital status. I want a woman who doesn't have a checking account, and needs to jump from one cellular carrier to another. I want a woman who will move in with me, after creating a false impression of who she really is. I want a woman who will borrow my money, become a financial burden, and be chronically late with her share of rent. I want a woman who will assault me after I break up with her for being intolerable. Someone who will break my stuff in anger, and fly off the handle on a regular basis.Extra points if you frequently reek of booze, and have ever thrown your iPhone at someone, in anger. Please be so pretentious that you can claim that you represent ALL black women. Volatile behavior and "Indian giving" is a huge plus.You where in there ask if I made any good choices today :) .     Your are very handsome :) you then had a friend or coworker come in ( pregnant ) and you talk I was kinda hoping to conversation more but the opportunity came :( .  If your interested lets have coffee sometime .I came up to you in the quad today and asked you questions about modern technology. I was the blonde. I tapped on your shoulder (hoping not to scare you) as you were looking at your iPhone (playing Bejewled, I believe) and when you looked up I was a little taken back which is probably why I stuttered over my words and my questions as I was filming you.
I didn't catch your name and I'm pretty sure there's a slight possibility we MIGHT run into each other again, but I doubt it so I wanted to post on here. You're a Math major and I am a Philosophy major. :) 
Hopefully I hear something back, if not I hope to run into you again. 
TYoure very beautiful, and we chatted a bit when I came into your store the other day. Im hoping since you get bored at work, you might check this out and email me back. I called in to talk to you after I left but I was wondering why I got turned downHey lady. I want you to know that I just want the friendship that we had before. That's all. Hopefully we can have that back some day. I miss that.
Dork.This one is a work in progress
When it's finished 
I'll call it "surrender" 
And deliver it to you
In your apartment
On the hill.
You'll serve me wine
And laugh your nervous laugh
I'll look at your legs
And try to talk seriously
You should let me move in here
I'll say
Take care of me, feed me
The future royalties of everything I write here
Will be yours.
You'll laugh
And cover your mouth
Then the painter will show up 
With his books
And ideas
And you'll keep laughing
Telling me to come back later
And to leave the wine glass there.
I'll go back home
To my own wine
To my words
The thoughts of finally bedding you
Buzzing about the room
Like the mosquitoes I cant kill.Hey man...I was getting food to go and you were paying for your Pho today.  Said hi but would like to talk more.  Hit me up if you see this.  White car.I work with you in a call center and I can just feel the sexual tension. I think we both know it. I'll share more details if you respondThis post got flagged and as a New Seasons worker, I would love to know what it was for?Hey pretty girl, won't you look my way?? ....Love's in the air tonight... You can bet you'd make my day.... Hey pretty girl, won't you look my way .....Hey pretty girl, can I have this dance ??? And the next one after that ???  .... I.can't stop thinking about you and your sexy tat's!!! ...  was it just me that felt that connection ??? You keep looking back too?? where was it we seen each other ???Dear Dale i pray you find this, and are in good health. I met you 10 years ago when i was a young teen. You were in your early 20's. You are Deaf and a very sweet friend. You called me from the pay phone in gresham and typed to me as the operator relayed the message. I had replied to a question you asked me about junior and it came across waaay wrong. I dint mean it the way it came out. You have been on my mind all these years and i wish i our paths would cross again so i could apologize face to face for offending you, By my carelessly worded response. I pray your life and health is well. If you happen to see this, Please respond back. Miss you friend :-( God bless youshe use to bowl there in the middle to late 80's  beautiful eyes,, we went out for a short time,, would love to reconnect and see how life is going,,, thanks to any that can helpHey- You're the cute girl who told me to go up on stage when they called on the Portland men to hit it. You and some of your girlfriends cheered 4 me when I was up there. I was wearing the blazer and the glasses- pinky ring included (truuu :P). Anyways, you're super cute- I tried to get down to dance with you afterwards but couldn't make my way to your part of the floor- oh well. Hit me up if you know who this is and you'd let me take you out to a show or for a drink.I'm enthralled by your beauty, mesmerised by your charisma and spellbound by your love. No wonder I am always thinking about you.We were so close, I drove by a few times to see if I'd see you again with no luck. You should check your email :D and get back to meWe fell in love with our hearts open and on fire..You made my life happy and complete, the times we shared in Santa Barbara were caring loving crazy exploring all new things about each other, the little cafe upstairs with the open fire with us sitting on the couch loving teasing and not caring about what anyone thought we were in our world.. Oh my the drives we had the reckless fun with each other my heart aches and eyes tear up thinking about you.  
The presence the thought touch ache for us to be in each other's arms.... we didn't need the Neon lights of the strip in Vegas to set our destiny for the weekend.... we slept in late rolled around in bed... who cared... that was what we wanted... We strolled around away from all the glitter not even thinking about the strip and had a wonderful breakfast at a cute cafe that love having your favorite little 4 legged guy around.. we had such a wonderful dinner at the French, Italian restaurant that the owner sat with us and talked about his life in NY and in France and how he loved animals.. 
Our Weekend getaways to the beaches, on the way home...broad day light in an Orchards field.. we were daring we were in love, I miss seeing you sleep on a pillow beside me...Yes i awoke you at times because my passion would take over and I wanted you in my arms.  I miss you..
We had a wonderful weekend in Sisters, talked about us, we stopped and had fun throwing snowballs at each other snuggling and kissing like we always do, we were very happy and we started making plans for OUR life the life that every man dreams when he finds that girl the one he places on a Pedestal way above any other.  my dream of having my one true love ...
You have made such a difference in my life with all the memories that i want you back in my arms in my life.  I didn't realize when we were having our silent times with each other how much I loved you... You've made such a great impression with my son, you changed his life in many ways that you have no idea.  I was on vacation at a beautiful beach over the week and realized more than ever how much I miss you.
Im not sure toward the end of silence who broke up with who... we were stuborn in our own separate way not giving an inch.. being silent.. I was so wrong with not communicating too you how much you mean to me realizing how much I loved you.  I always said we can solve everything together if we only communnicated.   We were together over a year and the few months that we have been away from each other feels like an eternity.
I miss you very much...We had a few fun times together while you were visiting from the east coast. I lost your number and wish we got to say goodbye.We said "HELLO" at Seaside on Saturday Night in a sports bar. I was sitting at the bar with someone, you and I stated chatting. You are about 5'6"ish, beautiful eyes and smile ( i actually couldn`t stop looking at your sexy eyes ;) you also had brown hair, you said that you worked at McMenamins in Portland but i barley could here what one. Can you Please email me....... What did i look like? who was i with? what did you order? what McMenamins do you work at? You did say " come see me at work " ;) we can meet for coffee? cocktails? or just to say hi ;)Tom you helped me with my Mom's car this morning- Hoping you will see this and respond. Might have broken Gaydar on this one but hey there is a chance.....We live next to each other and have given each other the eye a couple times. It looks like you're home alone during the daytimes.... Feel like having some fun sometime? Would love to make a house call! Very discreet, our secret....We were staring at each other through the crowd starting early in the night, and all night. We had an interaction on the stairs after the show, but the crowd was thick and we didn't get a chance to talk.  Now I'm kicking myself.  Please get ahold of me.I was working this Saturday, and you came to market in a blue puffy jacket. I remember you asked me where find cilantro... I tried to help though it's not quite the season for something like that. You had a warm drink and maybe was there with your father? Something about your eyes made me wanna keep talking to you. Would love to:)I wanted so badly to speak to you!  So handsome!  I felt like you were interested as well!  I hope so!!He doesn't want you!
If he did, he would be with you!
It's time to move on my dearThe 2 Girls we sat with thanks for the Beer and if you see this hit me up and tell me what you Liked maybe we can put the FUN back we missed u Limo was out front  and I lost both of you in crowd UR name was Anastasia I'm thinking :-) both liked my TOOL ! Let's hook back up fin Right ROCKSTAR Style !We both lit up when we recognized each other and asked each other how we were doing.
It happened fast and I didn't want to stop you and your friend.
You don't work at my favorite restaurant any more and that still bums me out.
You looked great ... and well.
I hope it happens again or that you read this and drop me a line.A.N. I miss you and I still love you. I wish I could go back and change some of the things I did wrong during our relationship. Yet, I can't change the past but I can correct myself in the future. I want you back in my arms again. I miss the way u used to kiss me, the way you were an excellent lover, your smile when I did something that ignited that spark inside you, the conversations we used to have, and most of all just being friends. I know you miss me and you still love me too. I saw the mc post about every mark on my body...contact me, if u want me in your life again.
Your sweet Tupelo honey...I have seen you a few times your name is Rebecca your smoking hot. Would like to get to know you better if your not attached hope you see this and I hope I hear from youI caught you staring at my luscious, chocolate tits. I was giving you the eye as well.  You were tall with tattoos and a black hoodie. I was with my husband, but we have an arrangement. . . Wish I could have stopped to say hello. . .You were tall, broad, and handsome with dark hair and a lovely dark beard. You were wearing a black ball cap, a black sports jacket, and a black t-shirt with a yellow logo that I never quite caught because I was too busy looking at. . . well, you. 
I was the cute, busty black girl sitting in a half-booth across from the bar with my husband and, later, a few friends... But I'm pretty sure you didn't notice me. I kept looking at you hoping you would look my way. 
I made my friend pretend she needed a smoke break (she doesn't smoke and I'm pretty sure my husband knew that) so that we could look for you outside, but you were long gone by that point. 
I just wanted to let you know that it's an open marriage and give you my number and strongly encourage you to use it.Kendra
The last 2 months living together has been great with no fights, no drama, so great. Its time for us to be a family and stop all this game playing. Our kids need 2 parents under the same roof. I love you, and I wont ever let you down. I promise!!! now you have your apartment and I am about to give up for good. I cant take it anymore. We deserve each other. I am so tired and my heart is weak and I just cant keep doing this. Its time for Eternity. You know how I feel and I see you feel it too. Its time to let it all go and be the family we have been for so long. Its time for us to be a forever family....
THi.  You came up to me before the NIN concert and ask about the phone charger I had.  We chatted for a few before you went on your way.  Seemed like there might be some attraction.  Drop me a note if you see this and want to chat some more..I saw you Saturday night downtown once on 4th have in front of that hotel on your phone while I was walking by with a group of black girls and guy. I was the only white guy. I saw you again as I was leaving downtown at the bus stop where you sat near another girl. I didn't get the chance to say anything to you because my group was already too far ahead. You have dark curly hair, and such a pretty face. I must know you.you were hot, you adjusted what looked like a hard on in your pants lol and looked at me and nodded. i wanna see more ;)I massaged your hand and we smiled at each other many times in hot tub and sauna
describe me. :) let's connectIt was a busy night at the club and you seemed to attract a large number of partners.  I wasn't in your group but you kept checking me out no matter where we were over the course of an hour or so, starting out on the bench press.  It's been a long time but we've seen each other there before.  
If you catch this, look me up.  I'd be interested in getting to know you, maybe grabbing a salmon salad or something.Okay...
So I couldn't help but notice today the biggest set of balls I have ever seen live attached to a nice thick cock attached to a nice looking daddy bearish type husband who walked out to his car with his wife. I could not help but wonder what it would be like to suck you when your wife is not looking...feel those HUGE balls---OH MY GOSH! Feeling your pump that load into my throat. 
In addition to this wonderful gem, there were some INCREDIBLE Dads and Grandpas filling the locker room this evening around 6pm.Hi. I like the way you drive and I like your car. If you happen to find this tell me what exit you took off 205 headed north.I'm sorry for the way it ended. I'm sorry we lost one another. I'm sorry for your decisions, and I'm sorry for not wanting to mend things. I do wish our story had a happy ending, but I think it's for the best. It doesn't mean I don't miss you. 
Took this love and I took it down
Climbed a mountain and I turned around
And I saw my reflection in the snow covered hills
Till the landslide brought me down
Oh, mirror in the sky, what is love?
Can the child within my heart rise above?
And can I sail through the changing ocean tides
Can I handle the seasons of my life?
Oh oh I don't know, oh I don't know
Well, I've been afraid of changing
'Cause I've built my life around you
But time makes you bolder
Children get older I'm getting older too
Yes I'm getting older too, so
I've been afraid of changing
'Cause I, I've built my life around you
But time makes you bolder
Children get older
I'm getting older too oh yes
I'm getting older too
So, take this love, take it down
Oh if you climb a mountain and you turn around
If you see my reflection in the snow covered hills
Well the landslide will bring you down, down
And if you see my reflection in the snow covered hills
Well maybe the landslide will bring you down
Well well, the landslide will bring you downElse, I would have made a wish............
And that would be......
Oh... Can't tell you, or it won't come true!
But, what I can tell you is....
I Miss you so much... Like this night and I are missing the shining stars.
To my far away Arabian LOVETo the young couple this afternoon at the gym:
Between 5 to 6 pm earlier --> You two guys are super hot and super sexy. What a treat! 
If only..You: maybe 5'9ish, White, when you passed by me I think that I caught you're eyes were light maybe blue, you have amazing arms definitely large and amazing. You always wear shorts and shirts that show your arms. I think you are gorgeous. I'm sure I'm not your type but I had to tell you. 
Me: Curvy, and I usually wear blank work out pants.you were checking out ahead of me a little after 8:30 tonight and gave me a suspiciously huge smile. then you were a couple cents short at the register and I tried to help you out, but you figured it out. then ANOTHER big smile through the window as you left. intriguing!
I think you're super cute, let me know if you'd like to connect. :)I kind of doubt you would ever look here, but in case you do, I sooo wanted to tell you that you are impossibly beautiful! Wish I could share one of those desserts with you ;).Hi,
I wanted to ask but forgot, why doesn't your car stop very well? Is it brakes or tires? Put your name in the subject line so I will know its you. 
ChristianI see you almost every time I work out, which is mainly evenings between 5:30 and 7ish. I'm usually wearing something pink. We always make eye contact, I always smile, but you're wearing headphones and this limits my ability to flirt. When I handed you the 50 lb barbell last week, it was the closest we'd been and it gave me this instant awareness of you that I can't stop thinking about. Now I always look for you with this funny little feeling of anticipation. If you're single, you should take off the headphones and let me tell you the only Russian phrase I know. If you're not single, then we should just stick with the hot eye contact and I'll keep my personal fantasies to myself. ;)I wished I hadn't missed you leaving that unoriginal note on my windshield this morning at PCC sylvania, but be assured you would think twice about doing it again. I understand that parking can be a headache, but I purposefully parked in such a way to avoid more door dings from negligent students; I just bought that thing!
In any case, I only occupied a single space and inconvenienced no one.
Your actions and words were without style and typical of a busy body twit. How's that working for you; you know, the low road?You are one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.  We made eye contact twice and I wanted to talk, but did not want to upset the kid's applecart.  I did make a comment as I walked out the door behind you.  Tell me what it was so I know it is you.  I would love to meet some time.Hey, where did we go
Days when the rains came?
Down in the hollow
Playin' a new game
Laughin' and a-runnin', hey hey
Skippin' and a-jumpin'
In the misty mornin' fog
With our, our hearts a-thumpin'
And you, my brown eyed girl
You my brown eyed girl
And whatever happened
To Tuesday and so slow
Going down the old mine
With a transistor radio
Standin' in the sunlight laughin'
Hidin' behind a rainbow's wall
Slippin' and a-slidin'
All along the waterfall
With you, my brown eyed girl
You my brown eyed girl
Do you remember when
We used to sing?
Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da
Just like that
Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da
La te da
So hard to find my way
Now that I'm all on my own
I saw you just the other day
My, how you have grown
Cast my memory back there Lord
Sometimes I'm overcome thinkin' 'bout it
Makin' love in the green grass
Behind the stadium
With you, my brown eyed girl
You my brown eyed girl
Do you remember when
We used to sing?
Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da
(Lyin' in the green grass!)
Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da
(Bit by bit by bit by bit by bit by bit)
Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da
(Sha la la la la, la la la la, la te da, la te da, la te da, da da da)
Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te daMy car broke down and you stopped without hesitation and helped push. You even went to the store and got oil for me, laid on the wet ground, and gave so much time and energy. I didn't even get your name but you were an angel. Thank you to the good looking black gentlemen wearing headphones that earned 5,000 karma points. My heart glows knowing that there are people like this in the world.
You had a lucky ladyI miss u! I wish we could have a do over. I would even take on that 6 or so months that u were locked up if it meant that we could be together in the end. If u found love then I will be happy for u. if not keep me in mind. the not knowing is killing me.I was in front of you at dollar tree... You were wearing all black. I made a comment that I like your Michael Jackson shirt you opened up your blazer and showed me the shirt. . . Very cool. I asked you what your name was, you said Jacqueline.
I walked away wishing I had asked you out. I turned around to find you but you had already left the store.you wanna offer some more details...if you're trying to destroy (or save) something here, you might as well.I had come up to the front of the store to help the cashiers out, and you came through my line. You told me I had a nice smile at the end...I want you to know your smile was nice too! 
Let me know where you saw me and maybe we could go out for a drink :)(Thomas?)  Not sure this is your name but you introduced yourself and said something about how fun it was to see someone having so much fun dancing...or smth like that - you were dancing behind me (a guy in the white shirt). Anyway, I thought you were nice.You walked into albertsons before me with a little boy maybe your son. We kept making eye contact but didn't talk. I thought you were way cute but i didn't have the guts to talk to you.Geez!  Do the decent thing and break up with the person that your "relationship" isn't going well with before you start after another person.  Just an observation.... but it seems that way too many people keep someone on the hook until something better comes along.  BTW.... so you know..  Many years of experience speaking.  The grass is NOT greener on the other side. If you care for the person you are with in the slightest bit then work it out.  If not then let them go, then look around. If you are constantly looking for that "spark"...... that is temporary.  Good luck.Maybe at the end of the term we could go out for coffee. I don't mind that you're a younger guy.you came to pick up report from my station.  doubt you will see this.  worth a shot.  
me - tall guy who helped you.  single?You came in and sat next to me at the bar while my roommates and I were getting food.  It's all a bit fuzzy but I was kinda left with the feeling that I might have been rude to you.  Sorry if I was, I was tipsy and didn't want my roommate trying to hook me up.  Generally I'm not like that.  You seemed nice and actually kind of familiar.  Sorry, nothing personal.- Myou came to pick up report from my station.  doubt you will see this.  worth a shot.  
me - tall guy who helped you.  single?You came in and sat next to me at the bar while my roommates and I were getting food.  It's all a bit fuzzy but I was kinda left with the feeling that I might have been rude to you.  Sorry if I was, I was tipsy and didn't want my roommate trying to hook me up.  Generally I'm not like that.  You seemed nice and actually kind of familiar.  Sorry, nothing personal.- MHi.
We saw each other for the second time today. The first time, it was a beautiful day. You said hi to me that day - I think because I kept staring at you? It's not my fault you're gorgeous, and your smile is utterly infectious! Today, even though it was rainy and people kept getting me wet, you made me feel so warm and cozy.
I feel like we definitely have a connection, but I often feel that way and I'm often wrong.
I highly doubt you're single, because you are sooo cute. I also doubt you check CL for stuff like this. Le sigh... 
I like to claim I don't have a type, but if I did, you'd definitely be it.
You had a red raincoat on today, with a black backpack. You were pointing your foot my way for a while. TV and pop culture tell me that means you're interested. Also, we kept making eye contact - I kept getting super overwhelmed by it and had to stare out into space or listen to my music, lest I were to do something improper and/or embarrass myself. I think you were trying to figure out what I was looking at so intensely. Basically, it was anything but you. I was afraid that if I kept looking at you, I wouldn't be able to stop!
If you do see this, please reply. I'd love to give you my number and go out sometime. 
In the title of your reply, please put what I drew on the foggy bus window today.
On my rainy walk home, I couldn't stop thinking about you. I hope you're having a nice day. :)We met on POF. I dropped my phone in water and lost your number. I'd like to get back in contact with you. Yours from RockawayWe made eye contact a couple of times in the bulk food section. 
you bear with colorful shoes and shirt. 
me furry face. tell me the color of your shoes.Hi young lady I let you go ahead of me in line around noon because you only had two juices and some grapes.  And you used a card to pay.  I couldn't help but notice when you left you said thank you twice.  I think you were trying to tell me thank you for letting you go ahead of me.  That was super nice of you.  I just wish I could of said you're welcome but I couldn't tell if you meant thank you to me?  If you did say thank you to me I think I'll have to buy you a drink since I didn't respond.:-)Long shot, but we made some eye contact and smiled at each other in the hot tub area. Then in the locker room. When you left, you strayed a little bit and held the door open for me, even though you were quite a few steps ahead of me. I'm quite shy but managed to say thank you. 
Was there some kind of interest or am I reading too much into this? Let me know sexy guy with glasses. It was about 12:30 Monday afternoon.It was nice to meet you.  Good luck with all your painting.
I'd like to continue our conversation over coffee or a drink sometime soon.  I hope you really do call me.  Seriously!
D.I guess it was stressful enough to delete your profile and I don't blame you for doing so. OkCupid is pretty awful. I can't imagine how many people must have asked you to push them into the scorpion pit. But: I did really enjoy our conversation!
You're clearly cooler than I am, but you seem to have a strong affinity for playing---even if maybe you don't think of it that way (I don't know). And that's awesome and rare.
I would very much like to continue talking with you somehow, if you're interested. And if you're not, then I'd like you to know that I'm grateful for your playing along with me. It was a moment of joy in a dreary time.I miss hearing from you. We were going to meet with 2 of your friends and I still think about using the gift you gave me. You know me I still have the pic of the 3 of us. Tell me where the pic was taken if this is either of you.Sexy warrior with fuck me hair and killer legs are you available? 
I've seen you there before, we chatted, briefly. 
 Anyone know this girl??? 
She's tall, mixed race. Body for days.I have tried to communitacte my needs , you do not even care enough to travel 4 miles to talk face to face ....that's abuse -- it says that I am not worth your time 
     My daughter says she loves me , but i see her once a yr if that ...again , she lives 5 miles away ---  she does not know where i live -- i have been there going on two yrs ...   this says -"hi dad , happy b-day or merry xmas , I need to contact you because i will have a guilty concience if i dont , ---  but what about dads needs to be in his kids lives ---  actions say "we dont want you in our lives ...but we love you ???---  to ask me to continue feeding your needs while i suffer daily from your neglect is abuse ... and i am done doing it ---   love is sharing and caring , continually 
      I got so sad from this recently that i told my son i was feeling a little like wanting to end it by jumping into traffic ...  love would have been there in a few minutes to ease my sad feeling ....   i got a text back saying , "it will be ok , i love you "   ...is that love ? not in my book,    love is human contact not text 
         SO YES , I AM IGNORING YOU , YOU CONTINUALLY INFLICT PAINI guess you are new, as I've never seen you there before. I don't wanna put you on the spot, so I'll say your name starts with an S. 
I wasn't in your line, but saw you and you probably saw me staring. You are the most gorgeous person I've ever seen. 
I'd really like to talk with you more. Put your name in the subject line so I know it is you. I hope your day is fantastic!Never quotidian, always nourishing, Rebecca.  Your capacity for  engaging passionately my every aspect is dearly missed.Hello! I'm an attractive man with a great sense of humor interested in meeting a sexy, attractive, open minded woman for day time chats and making a new friend! I'm looking to talk about anything and everything, and find a fun woman to share secrets and desires with. I don't know if we will ever meet, but the emails can be a lot fun! I'm hwp, 44, attractive and very funny. Please have a beautiful smile and an open mind to making a new friendship!....is that you? Are you a trained Sub? Or a Sub in training? Or a beautiful woman interested in learning the Sub lifestyle? If you for one of the three, you need to email Master Brad and see if there is a connection for a future relationship. I don't care about your relationship status because all of this is going to be very discreet. You should be attractive, hwp, open-minded especially, have a fun sense of humor and be willing to exchange pictures soon. Please have some availability during the day to email and meet up sometimes. I look forward to teaching you and training you to be my new Sub! 
Master BradI don't know if this is who I think it is... Can you prove it?
...and why, if you feel that way, did you let me walk away?
LoYou are the cutest thing I have EVER seen!  I would love to take you out sometime and get to know you.  Hope you see this.
take care!Saw your profile. If you want to chat, you can contact me this way. Mention something you wrote so I know it's you.We met and hit it off before the show, I missed the chance to dance with you! We briefly reconnected afterwards and I didn't get cho number. You were headed back up to Portland and I'd love to see you again! If this sounds like you, send me an e-mail back with your name.i liked your friendly demeanor, firm handshake and sexy smile.  wish i would have been able to stay longer to chat you up a bit and find out more about you... hmu here.I couldn't take my eyes off you. I didn't want to appear rude so I was trying not to stare but I like who I saw. If your not married and remember me checking you out last sunday, hit me up! I would like to hang out. I was standing in the front of the line waiting for dog food and then I left, had to leave.you were in Battleground Safeway with your two adorable daughters around 130 on Sunday. You had a sweatshirt on that read "Believe". I so wanted to talk to you and get your phone number.....:(Looking to reconnect with a gentleman who had some panties to sell. This was a month or so ago.  Hoping to hear from you.I came thru the drive-thru this morning and was caught off guard that someone so beautiful would be working this early in the morning.  You told me you liked my car . . .
 . . .I like your eyes!
If you want to go for a ride, just let me know!
So I know it was you, tell me what extra thing was made when I came through.Seeking to reconnect with Beth (bbpdx). I really enjoyed your company, especailly the fact we are both part of the 12th man. I remember you had/have your own business. Me, 5'5" tall, brown hair, beard/goatie,  and caucassion. If this finds you, contact me via this post. Brentwe were both up late.. we met in the chatroom of that herpes dating site clubhpdx.com 
we talked about dexter and walking dead.. i thought we had a fun conversation..
it's been a few days, and you never logged back in.. if you're still down for hanging out sometime,
hit me up... just so i know it's you... what was my favorite movie??We both noticed each other right away, and later on in the evening, you came and talked to me downstairs while I was sitting at my table. I was a little more than tipsy, as most likely everyone was, but I do remember bits of our conversation and I think we may have more than a few things in common. 
I should have gotten your number before being whisked away. Message me with the southern states we talked about, and perhaps we can get a drink sometime?we played under bathroom stall it was late on Saturday.
you want again and if you are student and want. let me know.
library basement bathroom time and day lets jo or suck under stall.
im gl hwp hard always.Hi! Lost his number and know he wants to get in touch--thinks I'm blowing him off. Please email or call! Miss u.I'm bummed that someone flagged my post about finding my sister in law sexy!  It's true!  She's always on my mind; I woke up this morning fantasizing about her.  I can't help how I feel--after all these years being near her, it was inevitable.  Today, after a family get together, I swear she caught my eye, raised her eyebrow, and stared at me for what felt far longer than usual as I said goodbye.  I will ride that feeling for awhile!  If you are reading this, SIL, please tell me where we said goodbye today and what that look meant.  If you feel even remotely like I do, we need to talk!I was walking down the street when I noticed your rad head garment. We locked eyes and I was about to say hello, but my phone started ringing. It was Carlos Santana... 
He wants to know if he can get his headband back.Saturday night, you have pretty eyes and are really handsome. I was working and tried to keep busy to keep from stealing glances at you. I'm not seeking a response, just wanted to let you know that you kept my mind occupied the rest of the night, so thanks.You are the cute young latino drive through guy, Alex, with the killer smile.  Me, older bearded guy who has been flirting with you.  Want to meet?  After you get off shift?  I'd love to provide you with excellent customer service, if you get my drift.  You are so cute, I'd love to have you for dessert!I love watching you walk by, and I love it when you talk to me, and I love when you walk me to my car. Its so hard not to tell you how badly I want to walk you to your van at the end of the day... and pull you into the back seat and show you what I think of you.
I can't believe that you don't have a clue. 
Just tell me that you like me back and you can have me.
<3There are definitely emotional abusers in this world. All kinds. I have been dealing with one for many years. They do not bear the outward signs that physical abusers do, but they still spread pain and agony and disfunction. Abusers are people just like the rest of us, they are complex, multifaceted and have likely been abused themselves. It is very hard and confusing to love someone like this. None of us are perfect, but there are those of us who are capable of building positive and supportive interactions and those of us who cannot and/or struggle to do this. Ethically, what do we really owe one another? Depending on your perspective, maybe nothing at all. As far as I'm concerned, one of the few redeeming qualities of humanity is our ability to have love, empathy and compassion for one another and strive to treat one another in respectful, supportive and loving ways. This world is filled with all sorts of crazy and CL is a perfect example of it. Not everyone is okay or ever will be. There are a lot of damaged, selfish and stupid people in this world. It is a hard fact of life. If you have the ability to self reflect and control your own actions for the "good" more power to you.Re: "B" "Retort" (Longview Wa)
It is often the misinformed who make the assumptions that you have. I am sure "B" appreciates your show of support ! :-)
I'd love to see your Psych degree ! :-)
You people amuse us !How dare you! How dare you try and control me. Writting him, your dumb AF acting like he's not going to let me know what your saying. We are best friends. All the things your accusing me of "filling a void fucking other guys" "she's still in love with me" "she's a succubus" "she's an emotional and physical mess" "and she really needs to grow up." Really wtf?!! Your soooo conceded for this shit, your putting yourself on blast. All those things your saying that's me, those are you. You fucked around. I still haven't fucked and it's been 2 months. I'm responsible, I have grown up. Who's taking care of them all on her own day in day out?! Sure as shit they don't see you. Haven't seen you. Don't talk about you. You walked away from this remember... I'm in love with you, pshhh get over yourself hahaha I have love for you, you played the sperm donor. Thanks... . I WAS in love with you... actually believed every stupid bs about how we were JEMZ, soul mates blah blah... You will never change and I'm done being controlled by your unapprecive ass!!!
Btw getting your teeth pulled and legally being able to pop pills, I recognize this behavior ur still using. Your an addict. Your "trying" to control me and I'm not buying it.. My family isn't going to respond to your txting so let's just be adultsI could tell exactly what kind of date you were on and I am so sorry you had to endure an evening with such an inarticulate and musically illiterate buffoon. I loved the way you said goodnight and politely stormed off, never looking back.
Anyway, seeing that we both have similar tastes, at least when it comes to dining, and given that you had a chance to see handsome man seated alone two tables away aforehand, well I can't help but feel that the two of us would be able to generate a much more tasteful and stimulating conversation than that of the Denver hip-hop scene. 
You deserve something better. So come to me, because I think you have earned it. One evening, two beautiful dark haired people. That is all I ask for.Hey! I know this is a super long shot, but I couldn't help noticing you at the gym this evening. You're a young, gl, athletic guy with short brown hair and wearing a long-sleeve t-shirt and basketball shorts. You were doing a mixed workout and we were working out in the same area a couple of times and I saw you in the changing room afterwards as well. You seem nice and have a great smile. I just wanted to say hi. Cheers.I am too shy to ever say this to you in person, but I think you are wonderfully attractive. Your beard, your smile, your eyes...what can I say, I guess I like your face. 
As I was paying for my groceries today you asked if I had any plans for the rest of the weekend. I told you I was writing papers, but what I really meant was, "we should hang out."It's not abuse unless you call manipulations abuse. If I cheat on my girlfriend and she confronts me I can say you doesn't know what yous talking about and then I become angry and quiet. When she asks me for explanations I just say she's paranoid and delusional. After a few days of the silent treatment she will just want things to go back to normal so she will convince herself it's her fault for not trusting me. I win.We sat next to each other in sauna, then exchanged seceral glances in locker room. 
You interested? 
Let me know...Ran into you Sunday evening. It was fun we should finish what we started some time.I'm not supposed to tell you you're married to a cheater. But I can tell Craigslist.Where are you!? I've been coming in for years and have been pondering giving you my phone number forever but the last few times I've come in you're nowhere to be found. 
You: tall, dark curly hair, dark eyes, gorgeous smile.
Me: I always ordered the same thing and you always knew exactly what it was.
This is a long shot I realize - but maybe someone will pass this along to you?Hey... you are likely not going to see this but... here goes nothing.  
You: talkative, former nutritionist, at 24 hour on holgate tonight around 7:30, left the gym wearing a blue shirt and white shorts.
Me: agreed with you about the last 5 pounds being the hardest to lose, dark hair, red and blue shorts.
Anyway... I live in Southeast, work downtown, and I guess the rest might come over a cup of coffee. :)I am a man who recently professed my love to someone who made it clear that they didn't feel the same. So for my own best interest and to save myself from future heartache and pain I decided to cut off all contact even though I feel that's not what she wanted. I believe she wanted to still be friends. I don't believe that this is a type of abuse. If anything I would be abusing myself if I continued to talk to this person because I truly loved her with all my heart but she was unable to reciprocate that love. 
It's not always abuse is the point I'm trying to make its saving yourself from future heartache and pain!!!!!I am a man who recently professed my love to someone who made it clear that they didn't feel the same. So for my own best interest and to save myself from future heartache and pain I decided to cut off all contact even though I feel that's not what she wanted. I believe she wanted to still be friends. I don't believe that this is a type of abuse. If anything I would be abusing myself if I continued to talk to this person because I truly loved her with all my heart but she was unable to reciprocate that love. 
It's not always abuse is the point I'm trying to make its saving yourself from future heartache and pain!!!!!Ive been thinking about you, wanted to say hi and see how you're getting along, I remember you were going through a rough patch. If you happen to read this please write back.The games people play!
Exciting, exhausting,  enviable. 
Unfortunately , it rarely ends in a tie. With all players happy and satisfied . Rarely do they believe they played their best cards as they should have.  
One left by a scorned and spiteful wife.  His body as wounded by life's toll on it as the wife will carry on happily in time.  The wife's leaving caused him no pain. She had done her share of cheating. Then there is the woman. The woman who loved him and would have suffered endlessly, fighting like a goddess to help this man, her " master" if you will, understand the future. You see, she had a special gift . A gift others wanted to know more about. A gift they were willing to do anything to get their hands on. Her ability to see the future. To predict events yet to happen. The ability to feel and see the past. As sad as a lot of the past was to see. The ability to move objects with her mind. 
Yes, there are people who will give their lives and careers to protect her and take her somewhere safe. She is likened to no one else on this planet. 
She tried to tell the man she loved of the past, of things he did not want to hear. She tried to tell him of the future , of things and the way they are meant to be. 
She is safe and we will keep her so, this goddess. We will protect her . She tried to protect the man . Why is a mystery.  He will soon be done. That is our prediction! It is her wish that he be spared. Now it has gone beyond her control. She suffers as her heart bleeds and in the knowing that his end is near. Her sadness grieves us so.I don't know where I'm going
But, I sure know where I've been
Hanging on the promises
In songs of yesterday
An' I've made up my mind,
I ain't wasting no more time
But, here I go again
Here I go again
Tho' I keep searching for an answer,
I never seem to find what I'm looking for
Oh Lord, I pray
You give me strength to carry on,
'Cos I know what it means
To walk along the lonely street of dreams
An' here I go again on my own
Goin' down the only road I've ever known,
Like a hobo* I was born to walk alone
An' I've made up my mind
I ain't wasting no more time
I'm just another heart in need of rescue,
Waiting on love's sweet charity
An' I'm gonna hold on
For the rest of my days,
'Cos I know what it means
To walk along the lonely street of dreams
An' here I go again on my own
Goin' down the only road I've ever known,
Like a hobo* I was born to walk alone
An' I've made up my mind
I ain't wasting no more time
But, here I go again,
Here I go again,
Here I go again,
Here I go...
An' I've made up my mind,
I ain't wasting no more time
An' here I go again on my own
Goin' down the only road I've ever known,
Like a hobo* I was born to walk alone
'Cos I know what it means
To walk along the lonely street of dreams
An' here I go again on my own
Goin' down the only road I've ever known,
Like a hobo* I was born to walk alone
An' I've made up my mind
I ain't wasting no more time...
But, here I go again,
Here I go again,
Here I go again,
Here I go,
Here I go again...
I could sure make you laugh on those old road trips.Hey you, 
Why don't you ______?
If you did, I'd certainly ________ it.
Then again, you might be _____ing.
If you are, I will be ______.
So long as I _______...I came in saw you sitting there at the end of the bar. I went outside to smoke and you followed shortly after. Then you went inside and I followed. You were reading while you smoked and had a backpack and a black knit beanie from what I could see. I thought you looked pretty good. Pretty sure you took off before I could say anything to catch the max. I think I might have saw you going westbound but I can't be certain. How many people can there be with a black beanie and a knit scarf.You sound very angry, and why would you assume the person being ignored needs to be fixed or is not lovable? My point was....that ignoring someone that you care about is hurtful, destructive and serves little purpose other than to make most situations worse. Sorry if you do not agree.If she is not in a relationship and 3 guys like her and she chooses one what is unethical? 
If she is in a relationship leads one on and lies to the one she is in a relationship with that is a whole bunch of unethical. Hiding behind nice person, universe, people are not as important excuses are just that. Hurting someone on purpose there is no free pass no matter how you try to spin it in your head. You wrong somebody you wrong somebody cut and dry.I call BS on your statement.  Did you ever once think this person cut off contact with you because of you?  People can and do still love people, but do not want to be around them because doing so just brings constant heart ache.  Get over yourself.  You are totally out of line by calling someone who ignores you an abuser.  That would mean everyone in this world is an abuser including yourself. Everyone has ignored someone.  If you were the least bit honest with yourself you would see that at points in your own life you have ignored people.  If you say no you are clearly a liar.  That makes you an abuser too.  Don't like it do you.  So in short.  Look into yourself and ask yourself. ( If they love me but don't want to be with me or ignore me, what can I do to fix myself to make me truly lovable?) The abuser statement is as so over used as the bully statement.  Fix yourself and stop labeling!!!  Then just then maybe the person who loves you will want to be around you again.I will forever be searching for you again in this lifetime. I will not stop. If you do not want me here, again, on this earth, I will search the next. And the next. We will always reconnect but never again with the vision this clear as to what we were supposed to be to each other. I knew you understood when I explained it and I understand your explanation . Be safe and be happy, my love. Your eagles and my wolf. They will never disappointI made you a peppermint mocha and complained about working a double while you distracted me with your bright pink hair. You joked about stalking me as you walked off before I got a chance to tell you I'd be okay with that. So stalk away sweetheart, or you can just email me and we can get a drink sometime. :) 
Put your favorite band in the title.Everything Happens for a Reason (1-5 North Bound)
This was a great adventure and we wouldn't have changed it for the world ! It was entertaining and at times suddenly sad. Heard and watched by the ones who needed your valuable info, your story now gets to go public ! Unfortunately, all great adventures have to end and your's is just about to ! We want to thank you for the inside information and making this whole thing as easy as you did! You , my friend, talked your way out of the greatest gift ever given to you and we are still befuddled as to why she would have given a shit or looked your way..... Oh, well. She is safe and loved and in love. Time to rain on your parade, Irish !"I believe the silent treatment (feigned apathy; cold-shoulder; silence; distance, and ignoring you) is the worst form of emotional abuse. It is a punishment used by abusers to make you feel unimportant, not valued, not cared about and completely absent from the abuser's thoughts. It is used as a form of non-physical punishment and control because the abuser mistakenly thinks that if they don't physically harm you then they are not abusers. The truth is, they are far worse at doling out abuse than the physical abuser."
It's funny that someone can claim to love you, but then choose to cut off communication without a second thought?Good Karma: You opened it, so you believe in it too. Something good will happen to you between 12:00 pm and 9:00 pm tomorrow. No catch. It could happen anywhere or anytime; you will fix your relationship problems for the next 2 years, maybe it was someone you once loved (or still do) and can't get them out of your mind, or money, or something you lost, or just someone that's given you a helping hand. To spread the positive karma, re-post this in another city in the next 10 minutes. You will get the shock of your life tomorrow. I believe. I hope you do too. What do you have to lose? Go for it!Vault Martini, Saturday night November 16th, 4:45pm or so. You were the only guy in the bachelorette party with the "JBP" tags around necks, the group was sitting in the booth corner straight in from the front door, near the bathrooms. I stepped outside to make a phone call and you were outside with one or two of the women, and one (mimed?) grabbed your junk while you were facing away from the street. It was funny! 
Me: 5'10", brown hair and eyes, dark features, brown messenger bag, parted hair, dark blue North Face coat. 
So what's your name? :DIf you can't tell by now most people have a difference of opinion regarding what is ethical, and coincidentally this is probably the biggest missed connection of all.  So use this page for what it's designed for, hooking up, because it's unlikely you're going to make an impression on any level other than skin deep.  If you're itching for a result then talk with your friends(in person not through random postings on Craigslist) about ethics and see if you can still remain friends, and if you can then discuss religion and politics next.  Contradictions will surface I'm sure....   Begin!   What are you waiting for? Chicken???Saturday night 8 pm you were in a pink shit and blue jeans ,blond hair ,you had 6 or more people at your table . I looked over at you so many time my neck hurts ,your smile is what got me ,wow 
I know you will never see this but I had to tell someone ,I'm a fool for not taking the risk and going to talk to you , you are stunning and that smile !You helped me this afternoon getting some turkey sliced and insisted that I try the first one. I told you it was a good thing I ate it since I hadn't eaten lunch yet. I said that was all I needed. I came back two seconds later to get something else and I said that I had lied. LOL! You mentioned studying and I inquired about your classes. You asked if I needed something else. I really wanted to say your phone number but didn't want to be inappropriate at your work with other employees and customers about. You were very sweet assisting me and are quite adorable. If you're interested in grabbing coffee or a bite, please let me know.A long shot I know
it's been five years. Since we've talked. You in your metaphoric car rack me and my metaphoric train wreck it was 2006 what else can we say. Your daughter should have graduated high school by now.
My life on the Southwest side has changed significantly. But I am still alive. It would be nice to talk. My cell number is still the same.
ChristopherI don't see why someone can't be a good person who tried to do right in the world but also doesn't really put high value on individual people. I don't think this makes someone a hypocrite. To me they just know the difference between the universe and a cell and what the impact of each will be. Being a vegetarian is going to impact the world more than coddlingly some guy who is probably a entitled asshole who was shattered when someone didn't put him above themselves.I saw you through through the crowd early in the night and couldn't stop staring (and you saw me). We had an interaction on the stairs after the show but the crowd was thick and I didn't get to say anything. Please get ahold of me.You work the door at the Whiskey Bar. I've been there dancing a couple of time with my friends. When I leave, I feel like your "good night" is more sincere than the typical doorman's might be. Not sure since I'm not someone who often goes clubbing. In any case, you were working the door for the 9 November Gabriel & Dresden show. I was there with a couple of my guy friends. I'm interested in meeting up elsewhere when not we're not dancing or working. I've short, curly brown hair. Military ID. Wore a pea coat this last time as I left.To the gorgeous young guy that showed me where the hangers were on Sunday morning. You are beautiful...I came back to ask you out this afternoon but you were gone:(You work at the liquor store. You haven't tried Becherovka. I have some. You should have a drink with me! You weren't in the last time I bought a bottle. :( Was ready to invite you for a drink then. Still ready! I have short & curly brunette hair.So yeah we both work on 23rd, we share a building but we work in different restaurants. You have a beard and always ride your orange bike to work. I love seeing you smile. Lets grab a drink sometime.You asked me about the clackamas train, I wish I would have kept talking to you. We shared a look while I was leaving, and I'm very curious where that could go.Hello, you are the most beautiful an attractive woman I have ever seen in the gym. Yesterday (saturday) you wear a purple pants and you was working out your legs.
I hope you read this and respond back. I do not know if you will recognize me. lol
But i was working out close to you.Wow, dark hair, tight black and white striped pants, showing off your amazing booty. I know you probably won't see this but I thought I would give it a shot. I really hope I see you randomly again. Just beautiful!So most likely you will never read this ,, But if you do i would love to meet you for a drink.. You were walking out of the AM/ PM on Forster and i was walking , we said hi to each other and smiled ( might i say u have a great smile) as i walked in i turned to see u were still looking and we smiled again,,, you were driving a Toyota wagon red in color ,,i was parked next to you my car is also red ,, what type of car was it or what jacket did i have on ... So i know that it was you.Hey, 
Saturday night about 10 or 10:30...
You came up and happened to stand near my little group of friends for a bit, then later, you spent the majority of your time on the upper level near the entrance. ...just hanging out near the top of the steps.
I couldn't tell if you were with someone, so I didn't want to risk intruding. I was very drawn to you. You're a very attractive man. I loved it when you would occasionally look my way.  If you're interested, I would love to get together sometime, so please write back.You were the cute blonde about two booths down and across the isle from me. I was the guy with the blue T-shirt and dark hair. You were facing me and I you. Both of us were there with someone else yet we couldn't stop making quick flicks of eye contact with each other. I couldn't get over how cute you were sitting there with your legs crisscrossed on the bench, waiting for your food to come. If by some chance you run across this I hope you'll take a chance and message me.To the cutie in a red plaid shirt at the Jessie Ware concert last night.  I think you were there alone.  Wish I would've said hi.  If you're into guys hit me up!I'm trying to locate Rob who is a dear friend of Linda N. who lives in Ohio.  I cannot remember Rob's last name but do know he was or still is a police officer in or around St. Helens, OR and is probably in his late fifties or early sixties.  Rob last I knew had his elderly mother living with him in our around Sandy, OR.  If you know who I might be looking for or are him, please contact me asap.Hey, I asked about the text book you were studying and offered you my extra ticket to Hump. I am always up for new friends and you seemed interesting and willing to be spontaneous. I would love to hear more about your class. I don't care what relationship status you sport, etc. Simply feel like I missed an opportunity to make a new friend by taking off without giving you my number.Danielle, you were in line with me for the people without tickets.  We chatted, had a laugh and your friend gave us a puff off his joint.  You were wearing black frame glasses with your beautiful brown hair tied.  I would have asked for your number, but I didn't know if your male friends would appreciate it.  It may have been the booze, or the excitement of getting to see some great local pornography, but I felt like we had a little something...To all of the handsome men dining and working at The Woodsman Tavern on Saturday night, thanks for allowing my eyes to feast along with my dinner. :)You beautiful man shaved head holding a backpack, we locked eyes at least three times near men's coats and shoe department. Please tell me what type of hat I was wearing if you are that beautiful man. Loved your eyes and smile, I hope you bat for my team.You were sitting by the window reading a book.  Since when is such a stunningly gorgeous girl by herself?  If I had more guts I would have said hi.
Maybe next time you'd like some company with your coffee?
-Tall guy with glassesWatching the game with a friend. When I first saw you, my jaw almost drop to the floor. I had time watching the game because of you. You were with three other people. I saw you peek at me. Do you remember what color shirt I was wearing? Also what else was different about me that you don't see often?  I hope to meet you again with that beautiful face!She used to cut my hair in East Vancouver near 164 but shop moved and I old number I have no longer works. Last I heard she was moving to California but still going to come up here to cut sometimes. Have tried to find substitute not found anyone as good as Ann. Please help me find her.we stared at each other, you asked me for a penny, we went to safeway in my chevelle and talked, i gave you my number, i said u wouldnt call, i guess i was right, you kissed me, call meDidn't know what this would be
But I knew I didn't see
What you thought you saw in me
I jumped the gun
So sure you'd split and run
Ready for the worst
Before the damage was done
Oho oho oho oh
The storm never came
Or it never was
Didn't know getting lost in the blue
It meant I wound up losing you
Welcome to the inner workings of my mind
So dark and foul I can't disguise
Can't disguise
Nights like this
I become afraid
Of the darkness in my heart
Hurricane
Ohoo oho
What's wrong with me
Why not understand and see
I never saw
What you saw in me
Keep my eyes open
My lips sealed
My heart closed
And my eyes peeled
Welcome to the inner workings of my mind
So dark and foul I can't disguise
Can't disguise
Nights like this
I become afraid
Of the darkness in my heart
Hurricane
Make ash and leave the dust behind
Lady Diamond in the sky
Wild light
Glowing bright
To guide me when I fall
I fall on tragedy
Welcome to the inner workings of my mind
So dark and foul I can't disguise
Can't disguise
Nights like this
I become afraid
Of the darkness in my heart
HurricaneI know i mest up gatcho but something in my heart tells me u love some one else and its like i can't stand it because i gave myself to u 100% but i know now with this shit i did im burnt now u can be with him but it hurts me and u even said it would be my falt for bringing friends over but you were suot fall in love with them or lust but all i want is the truth you tell me the truth its all gravy but you lie im going to have to act a fool and i don't want that for the babyWe talked for a bit and you asked me to get in a taxi with you.... that didn't happen for reasons I am unsure of.I have been thinking about your question and I realize you put the question to a specific person. Not to a community for answers. But, I think it may be this, the answer. You have a girl who claims to be ethical in her day to day life; even what she places in her body is a consideration. Her line of work is reflective of who she is as well.
The problem is that she claims to be "good."
But, her actions towards people are not reflective of what is typically good. When it comes down to treating people well, she doesn't. She causes emotional anguish. It sounds like she knows the rules better than anyone, and yet she chooses to act callously. Because, it is callous to lead people on and to hurt them without any real reason for an interaction.
It's a choice.I love you and care about you so much. Too much to let you in with hatred and anger. I want to share the world with you because you are the world to me and make me feel better.
I don't want to share you with anyone else and I want to take you for granted.
I would change for you into the person you want as long as you love me.redhead with the glasses from to guy with glasses. I was looking for you at the end of the night but didnt find you. If your interested in gaming it up or getting a drink let me know. Email me with what game we played together and my name if you remember.Your name was Logan and I helped you at the store in LO. I found you very kind....... and cute. Tall and thin with a great smile.  It would be fun to meet you for a drink or hang out.  How did your art project come out?
Hope to hear from you........You came over outside Branx and asked what I was there for. I said to see John Brannon. 
I wish I'd said to go home with you.
Tell me where my sister lives. Then tell me where you live.I'm pretty sure the previous people posting stated they can't speak for her, only a scenario, etc.....
Meaning this is MC and we all have to gather conclusions based off of vague details. So not to rain on anyone's parade, but it does appear they never claimed to know your situation. If you didn't want anyone to respond naturally don't post in a public forum. It's just Craigslist....no reason for people to get upset that random people don't know the full story.not a missed connection. just dont know where to post this
what is it to be someone?
what is my purpose?
to love is not so, it seems
to accomplish, is not in my fate
this body, its hands and mind, cannot cope nor do what I would want them to do.
these everlasting nights drag on whilst I contemplate my reasons
what is it to live? for happiness is only a fleeting moment of joy, and nothing of noteworthy cause thus far
distraction, interactions, and fractions of thought I should better harvest.
I've accomplished great things,
yet when I take a step back, I realize how insignificant it all is.
like a castle in the sand, greatness, which will fade away in moments
how little I have accomplished
to continue is a must, for death is nigh, yet far
the acceptance of this is what haunts me. im young, yet for all that have come before me, greater things they ventured by my time and effort.
who am I to attempt to do the same?
the train flew by me before I even knew about it.
will the next one catch up? or will this become a trailing, useless dream of uncertainty and failure?
the thought of such things becons me to end it. yet, what I love is beyond that horizon.
the one, I fear, I shall never experience.
of the wonderful stones that can be found on this earth, I am merely dirt under these marvels.
why is life so cruel. to lead you onto paths you can traverse, yet it opens the gates to you last.
why does it seem that everything is too late for me?
I act too late or am given chances past their expiration. it saddens meim younger. u had glasses. made me eat a bunch of cum. tell me more. i want u to whore me out!You came in alone.....brown hair, updo, and glasses.......then came in ...1st a young lady with a baby, and then a couple other younger ladies......I wanted to approach you but never know if one is married, etc, I saw you looking.......
I was sitting in the back corner with another guy...........then stood up and visited with the server while waiting for my friend to use the men's room.
I am attracted to you.............and would like to see????????????????????///////Some where in se portland theres a little blond haired lady who works as a escort she was a friend of a friend she most likely the only amputee hooker in portland some has to know where she is if you know her have her get in touch with meI noticed you looking and smiling at me from the bar. I was hoping you'd come and say hi. Thank you for making my day a little bit brighter :-) If you come across this post describe either yourself or me so I know it's you.you are going to be my mother in-law. I am not sure but I think you have been checking me out every now and then. I have no idea how to bring this up to you, so I hope you read this; however I know the chances of that are next to nothing. If by some chance you think I am talking to you, please let me know. If your not the right person your secret will be safe with me, and i can be a person you can talk to about it if you want.Hey. It's been a while. I almost, so close, was going to text you earlier tonight. Glad I didn't because it might've angered/annoyed you (idk really).
Anyways, I just finished the last of 26 episodes of this show tonight. So many thing in it make me think of you again and all the goodtimes. Especially the songs/soundtrack in it. I am rarely impressed enough by a song (especially a pop song) to even post one here for you; but this song is so beautiful sounding, very musical in all senses and many styles merged into one and I felt was really something else. It plays occasionally as the closing credits in a few episodes; and, surely enough, it also played as the closing song for the very last episode. I guess that means it's a good one. Within the show, I like to think I am Takemoto, and you, Hagu-Chan.
watch?v=80OPB8xmUL8
Miss you
.No, actually she is a hypocrite. But how could you possibly know what I'm talking about? She does though.
hipkrit- 
a person who claims or pretends to have certain beliefs about what is right but who behaves in a way that disagrees with those beliefs
a person who engages in the same behaviors they condemn others for
a person who professes certain ideals, but fails to live up to themYour names Scott I'm assuming because it was on your mechanics jacket. You came in to my work and made my night :) have fun with your relaxing night and your history channel
 Let me know if you want to hang out... I'm good with my hands and I'm sure you are tooI had a kitten in my jacket. You said you had two cats already. When I was leaving you was waving goodbye. Do you want to chat sometime?Exactly what I was concluding from reading the OP of all the ethics posts. 
From the way the girl is described she's a nice person that's getting a bad rap because a bunch of guys like her and she turned them down rather than lead them on. Are these guys suggesting that they would rather she give them false hope and still of course never end up with her? It's basically saying she can never win because for one, you all want her and I'm sure would really tarnish her name if she was using you, which it doesn't sound like that's the case. Two, that's probably without a doubt why you do like her because she's not some gold digger and instead you could see yourself introducing her to your family. But alas, she simply already has someone and isn't going behind their back for a bunch of guys that wish and hope she'd randomly choose them and be completely out of character. And again, completely out of character. She's not that type of person. If you really had feelings and cared about her you certainly wouldn't be asking that of her. Just be happy for her. 
Oh and yes this applies in reverse too. Girls pining over a guy that's unavailable. Don't be home wreckers. Don't find it a challenge to go after or tempt someone just because they have that unattainable aura. 
Some people I tell ya.....Driving around SE today and noticed one common thread, all the down to earth, creative, educated ladies. I thought I died and went to black frame glasses heaven. Thanks for being real and giving this suburban POW hope. Can't wait for my lease to end.where did you go?   more bj's?  We had fun and I don't have your info?  I hope everything is going ok.Looking for some fun tonight.  Open to anything.  Be real and have a pic if possible.  I can host.You: very good looking guy with piercings, amazing eyes, sitting near the back door of the #20 east bound bus 
Me: blue jeans, black jacket, black baseball cap, carrying a book, average build.
I got off at E Burnside and 60th and noticed you as I left, almost fell over myself looking back you are that attractive. You smiled and I goofily smiled back.
I wasn't sure what to do next...
So I waved at you as the bus drove away.
You waved back.
Wow....... Can we connect?"Skittles" You're so sexy. That's probably inappropriate for me to say. Fuck it.  I have a fantasy of us sneaking off on a break during work. You could wear one of those bright skirts you seem to love so much. Giving me a sexy look to follow you out.  I'll stare at your ass the whole way out the door. Wondering what kind of sexy panties you have on underneath. Maybe you're not wearing any at all. You know my car is always out of sight and you're already headed to it. Barely out of sight and already unbuttoning your top, looking back at me with that sexy smile....  I can't imagine the rest. Care to help? You'll never see this but that's ok. I had to get it out.Who is this for?  Initials would be helpful.......... ..................................................................................................I commented on your awesome beard Saturday morning in the steam room around 10:15. I sure wish I could grow one so impressive. Let me know if you swing this way; I think you're beautiful.I said hello and asked how your swim was and where are you from.
Would like to meet again.I think your name started with a J.  You're a bear cub of amazing proportions with a beautiful smile.  Even your eyes smiled.  I'd be really lucky if you were as interested in me as your smile, even when you were looking at me while serving someone else, seemed to indicate.  Either that or you are just a great customer service guy, anticipating your next customer and apologizing with your smile for the short wait.  Either way, what a heartthrob!  I've been thinking of you all afternoon.Finally someone makes sense. You're speaking for a lot of people out there.
Natural selection is natural selection, and love of men, and love of good deed is not mutually exclusive. So hold the labels and look at all your works and all your mistakes first.Lady in grey shirt and jeans. I thought you were sexy! We made eye contact a couple of times and I just wanted to say that I had some unclean thoughts lol! Anyways thank you for the fantasies!You were in a tan neon...I have to tell you, You are one of the most beautiful women i have ever seen!!!!!!!! I could not keep my eyes off of you. I did notice that you saw me. Wish i could buy you coffee sometime...While I can't speak on whom you're speaking ofs behalf, you might consider that it is absolutely impossible to please every person you meet. This applies to guys and girls. 
Think of it this way. Nice girl, three guys like her, she goes for one and turns the other two down, thus, "crushing" them because they really liked her and it wasn't reciprocated. 
Would you rather she be indecisive or go for all three? Just a scenario, but hopefully you might rethink someone's decision as not so heartless after all.Every time I see you, I am surprised by the emotions that run through me.  It's as though you cast a spell on me.   All was lost over a miscommunication.  Yes, I could have handled it better and I've apologized.  It is still heartbreaking to be misunderstood and not be given the opportunity to prove I'm not the person you judge me to be.   We are both missing out on what could have been.  All I asked for was your friendship, now I am just asking for your forgiveness.Seen you at Iron Horse Friday night the 15th. Smiled at you from opposing booth and you smiled back. You gave me a wink on my way out. You made my night! Thank you, you are the prettiest woman ever. Ever!
No response necessary, I just hope you see this.About a week ago you sucked my cock and it was so good i want more tell me about what you remember i would like to fuck your mouth some more..You were with your daughter. You had blonde hair, and were wearing black pants. I had a nike jacket and blue khakis on. You are gorgeous, and I always date older women. I'm pretty sure you didn't have a ring on, if your daughter had not been there I would of hit on you..hit me up if you read this!It was about a month ago... We saw each other during a very intense 4 days, yet we never exchanged a single word. It wasn't allowed. But the eye contact was considerable during that time. 
I felt a connection with you. You and your story, your children... it all had a big impact on me. I even considered calling Tod (he gave me his card) to see about contacting you, but that just seemed weird. 
Just know, you have a someone sending positive thoughts your way.and I'll always love you. 
So it goes. 
.........................................
.............................
...........I saw you today walking in a parking lot in Beaverton. You where using crosswalk in front of me. You where in a black sweatshirt and black patterned pantyhose. You legs looked amazing!!!! You where with a guy, if bf or husband, i mean no disrespect by this. You threw me some smiles, which i defently threw back. I hope you somehow see this, but i don't count on it. If you see this you should email me what (very noticeable) vehicle i was driving. :) 
Hope your day was great.You were standing on corner waiting to cross, gorgeous:) we exchanged smiles as a friend and I drove by, something there?I wish we had been able to talk through our problems. I wish I was a better person to you. I still love you, and I wish you loved me.Not everyone steps on each others toes intentionally or at all for that matter. It would be a shame to harm someone when it could be avoided. Best turn the pit into a pool if no ones suppose to make it out. Makes me wonder why the little guys so angry in the first place?You worked at Home Depot and now have a new job. I offered to give you a reference if you needed one for the new job and the last time I talked to you was at Subway in WalMart.
Have always wanted to hang with you, but not sure how you would react. I always felt that there was something there. I'm older than you (50 to your 21). Tell me what you're doing now and something about me, so I know it's you.we met last night and i told you i love redheads, did you loose my number, i was in the 71 chevelle, we went to safeway parking lot and talkedHello, 
We're doing a project on human sexuality in the age of the internet.  I've been collecting different accounts from men and women about their sexual experiences, preferably ones that stemmed from meeting online.  What site did you use?  How long did you chat before meeting?  Did you meet in public or trust them enough to immediately hang in private?  How was the sex?  Did this instance turn into an ongoing thing (whether fwb or blossomed into a relationship)? Please go into as much detail as you are comfortable with.  We appreciate all the gory details.  This is all 100% anonymous.  Consider it your monologue to a blank audience about the best, or worst casual sex you've had.  Thank you for your time.
Sincerely,
Nadia and Justin (a couple that actually met online)Saw ya today at the gym at the end of the workout.  Made plenty of eye contact.  If you're interested in talking hit me up.  You left in a red shirt and a hat.  Describe more details.  I was across from you and black shorts.Where did you go? You haunt my memories to this very day. There's nothing I wouldn't give to sit down and talk after these past few years. I get so sad whenever I hear "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" because it's your favorite U2 song. Remember when I was trying to learn to play "Tiptoe Through The Tulips" for you?
God...I miss you so much.I lost a one strand turquoise necklace, last night (11/15). Its very special to me. Please please please, if found, contact me.You were with three friends at Dukes last night
I was there on my own and friends with a cocktail server
I should have said something and I didn't
We made eye contact plenty of times...
Email me.  I would like to say what I couldn'tYou will never see this but I have to say you are fucking gorgeous and funny. I would love to have a night alone to spend with you, we could have great time together. Thank you useless "missed connections" for letting me get this out...lolYou stair a lot and we keep locking eyes .   Yo where here Saturday  before noon ?    Very nicely build with your friend.  You had a white long sleeve very nice arms :).  .   I'd like to talk to you .You work at the food front in NW. Sometimes the cash register. Sometimes stocking. Always friendly with a smile. You Asked how I was doing. I asked the same. Wow is all I have to say.Me:latino, gay, tall. You:white and sexy.
I miss my married/straight friend.
I miss your sweet ass, showers are not the same without you. Spread your legs for me.
Let me lick you all over.Damn!  I forgot your last name and failed to find you before I left.  I'm probably spelling your first name wrong as well.  Anyway....  Welcome to Portland and I hope we run into each other sometime, somehow, someway.  We could go for a stroll and you could capture the images of the areas natural beauty in one of those camera machines.  Damn!  I can't believe my slippery memory.  Damn!Seated directly across from you at the Secrect Society, it was hard not to stare.      
And a big thank you for your reservation, join me next time downstairs at Toro Bravo.You showed my toddler son around the fire engine a few days ago. I really appreciated the effort and time you spent with us. My son calls you 'Best Friend Fire Fighter J***'. He asks for you at night, and says he wants to go play with Fire Fighter J***.
I would love to know when, and at what station I could bring my son back to to see you.
Thank you again!You came to Mr. Peeps at around 3:30; young and skinny.  You were kind of hanging out around me up front then you went to the back.   I went in the back a few minutes after you.  We were the only ones back there.  I sat down and before I could even really process what was happening, the most gorgeous thick cock came through the hole.  I think you wanted me to suck it for a while but I was so hungry for the babies from that nice slab of meat I went to town.  You pulled away a few times so you could last longer.  Finally, I had some of the tastiest manjuice blasted in my mouth and then you split.
I would love to try that again, maybe at my place.  Reply with some details so we can make sure that you are the one I am trying to get in touch with.I miss you J.J. we were in contact for about a year and then lost touch. Your email is no longer. Please get in touch with me. I believe you're 31 now but age was never the issue. We had so much chemistry from the start. We always had fun together. Tell me what color/style outfit I use to wear for you..You asked me for directions to 21st and Lovejoy Thursday night.  You complimented my bow tie and my eyes.  You were wearing a green jacket and had curly dark hair.  I wish we would have exchanged names and numbers.  You're adorable and have a great smile.  If you see this hit me up.  Let's get together sometime. :)I was getting back to work after lunch, headed North on SW 4th. You locked eyes, and said very nice things about liking what I was wearing. I was an idiot not to stop, I had to get back to lunch and am a bit shy as well. Have regretted not stopping and talking ever since. I went back at 5 to see if you work at Pilot, but you do not. If you are out there, this is enough info, you know who you are and I really want to get to meet you. Email me, describe what I was wearing and describe you. Really hoping you see this!Noticed you looking at times and smiling while dancing on stage at whiskey bar.. 
Then I saw you on coat check as I was leaving with my buddy... Kinda wish I had a coat checked!!
Anyway we stared and smiled a lot.I just came out from a haircut.  You were at the Laundromat.  I was in my car and you and I exchanged "flirty" glances.  Around 3 in the afternoon near 82nd and powell.  Put "eye catching" in subject line if this was you.We danced hard and ridiculous. I had the dice move down pretty great. When we went to the booth and decided we would never see eachother again because your modeling job was done and you were going back to Canada. We kissed. I felt something. I left, but I came back to Lola's twice to try and find you again to no avail. I'd really like to see you again, and hopefully you see/respond to this post.We exchanged looks several times tonight and I was gonna come talk to you but it wasn't the best situation. You were with a couple. If it's you describe what I was wearing.This is super ridiculous, but I chickened out. 
Tonight. Friday/Saturday. Triple Nickel. 
You: baseball hat. Olive green tshirt. Black carhartts. Drinking Pabst. Red hair/beard. 
Me: brown wavy hair. Blue dress. Green sweater. Smiled as I walked to the bar. 
You were with a group, I was with one friend. I should've said "hi".Billy I was in the store tonight  and you help me out ,I was looking for the Christmas tree, would you like to meet for coffee ?   I was on the main floor near the check out you have a great smile ,,,does it shock you, after putting my mind to it, that I found out about your extra-curricular activities? or is it the fact I still wanted to know you even after I had??
all i care about is finding out why I feel this way about you. I'll be here until I do. no hurry so don't worry. 
mostly I can pick up everything you throw out, if I could only read your mind the same way. if you could only read mine then you'd see. 
we are both one of a kind, or perhaps we are two of that same kind. let's find out. asap plz and ty :)
~~~* 
     <3 Mei saw u at new seasons williams. 
heard you were at the alberta coop also
u single>?
wanna have a drink / tea /walk?
im an alternative health care professional- amongst other things. 
.....  ~ peaceI was at your work today with my daughter. I noticed you giggling when my daughter said something. And on my way to the checkout you smiled at me while you were folding clothes. I wish I could have talked with you more then the quick comment I made, but I don't do that with my daughter around. If this was you, tell me where you work and what comment I made.For the past few years I've been looking for a wonderful woman I once knew by the name of Maryann. I'm not sure of the spelling. It could be Marianne, Merryann, or even Mary Anne. Unfortunately, for the life of me I can't remember her last name since it's been so long. You were close to my age so you're probably in your late 30's now (maybe 40), around 5ft 7in high (about the same as me) with dark brown hair that use to be a little past shoulder length.
We met at Lloyd Center in 2000. You worked at the Starbucks in the mall and I worked at the kiosk in front of it selling sunglasses, along with running my own business there. You introduced yourself one day when walking past me in the mall and seeing I wasn't having a very good day. You talked to me, cheered me up, and that day we became friends.
At times I would see you working at Starbucks when I'd get my hot chocolate. Other times you would visit me at my store. At one point I think you either changed jobs or got a 2nd job at the Finish Line shoe store. You always seemed full of energy and so easy to talk to. I always enjoyed seeing you at work and always wished that we could have seen each other more. I would have asked you out back then, but you were seeing someone. Eventually, so was I. At the end of 2000 I got employment outside of the mall and didn't see you for a while.
A couple years later we ran into each other at Clackamas Town Center. Funny enough we were both engaged to other people. We talked briefly and again went our separate ways.
You found me again a couple years later, 2006 I think, while I was working at Washington Square mall. You were in a hurry, on your way to work, and could only talk for a minute. I think you said you were working in NE Portland at an auto parts store, but I could be wrong.
Now it's 7 years later. I'm no longer married and have been searching for you for the past few years. I've searched everywhere I can think of, but my options are limited when all I have is you first name (and not even sure of the spelling) and where you worked 13 years ago. I'm hoping that maybe you, or someone who knows you, will see this. If so, maybe you will contact me. Hopefully, you will remember who this is.
I'm not looking for anything more than friendship. I mainly just want to know how you are, how life is treating you, hopefully build a better friendship, maybe even see where things go from there if you're still single. . .
. . .and to know your last name.
-AaronYou were with your family, I was with a large group of people. You blond, very attractive. Black shirt and blue jeans. Me, dark hair, black shirt. Watched you across the room. You were going to the restroom and asked me where it was. I hope you read this. Hit me soon.You asked what I bring to the table and what makes me special.
My mother almost died giving birth to my brother. The drs said she couldn't have anymore kids because of it. She had an IUD inserted for birth control.
When she went to the dr 15 months later saying she was pregnant, the dr said it was impossible. The dr tested her and it confirmed she was pregnant. Apparently the IUD fell out.
My mom was induced over Easter weekend. I refused to come out. Two days later she went into labor on her own. When admitted to the hospital my parents had to make a choice on who to save if it came to that. The choice was my mom.
I came into the world on April Fool's Day. 
From my point of view, I would say I have a fighting spirit. This spirit has served me well throughout my time here. 
The obstacles I went through just to be conceived and born tells me I am a survivor.
What do you bring?You are so cute! Miss you on the days you are not on route. Fun chats! Chemistry? I think so! Not here to break up marriage! Maybe we can marriage, the two? Fun flirts over drinks? Together? Or As couples? May I be BOLD enough to say down with discreet too :-O!! You choose! Would be fun! Contact me. And No I will not be embarrassed if you do read this and it's not your thing. I'm special that way! ;)
The girl you guest right about what happened on my trip back home ;) you smarty pants!!! It may have been the drink! ;)
Oh, and thanks for singing me happy birthday! I feel bad that I asked your name just recently! :( fail 
Contact me and I will tell you more!You came over sat across from.me and you were very attractive I hope that we can hang out sometime . You were wearing a green sweatshirt and have black hair you kept smiling at me and then you went out to smoke and left if you see this please respondI walked out of Mr. Peeps around 8:45 or 8:50 tonight and you were standing outside of the door. I was wearing all black and got into the silver car. I felt you watching me as I walked away from you, I even turned to the side to catch a glimpse of you from my peripheral vision. If you see this hit me up, tell me what you were wearing ;)You said hi and asked how I was doing as I made my way over to the cookie case. We smiled and looked at each other inquisitively a few times. Then you were in line and I was a few people behind you when you left to get on your bike. You stopped outside the door as if you were contemplating what to do next, but then took off in a hurry. I wished I had introduced myself, or that you hadn't left--it was all so fast. Once I realized I might never see you again, and I had just let the opportunity to know you pass, I felt strange. 
If you see this, I'd like a second chance to make that introduction and to know who you are...It's funny to me that you are so serious about being a vegetarian, social worker and a "good person" and yet I have watched you destroy men's souls without a second thought or an apology. I guess you're not a humanitarian?Looking for my lost Big Dirty aka Will 
Where are you? Need any help in the kitchen ;-)
JoeyIt's been over a year since we have spent time together. I know things ended terribly. I can't sleep. The nightmares keep me awake. You showed me what I need in a man. It took a minute to develop a crush, an hour to like you, a week to fall head over heels and i will spend the rest of my life dreaming of you. Cliff I know that you are happy. I'm happy for you. We only dated for a short time but I can't get you out of my brain. I believe you are my soulmate. I will never give myself completely to another. Just know that I love you more than myself. You stole my heart. It is forever yours.LADY(LOOSE TERM)  YOU WERE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE
          i MET YOU on a sales team, one of those travelling ones . before you got to me and within one week , everyone on the crew was saying they slept with you . i didnt believe.  they said that you liked me so we went out . you made me wait for sex , but i think my roommates dealer got lucky the first week we lived together. I should have left or kicked you out when I had to go to bed to get up for work in the morning , but you stayed up with "rick" to do ....  first week 
         by new years eve we were a couple --after my room mate and I rescued you--  was that before or after you faked the epileptic seizure? i cant remember , but i remember the ambulance and the doc saying you faked it . ......   oh ya, back to new years eve, we went to a party , you dumped a drink on my head so i would leave early , duh!, i see it now --- but then i was in love , i thought you were being playful ... more like spiteful . 
          so i tried to leave you, but you had soo many people rooting for you that i was convinced that you loved me --after all --you wanted me back . 
          little did I know - and wouldnt find out for years-- that you had carved a path thru this new town , sleeping with not only my married roommate and his auto body buddy at the same time repeatedly , but you had a sugardaddy paying for your apartment ---why did you want me back??  oh ya, i remember ...you were pregnant with what i thought was our/my first son....  but he was actually my brothers son because you slept with him in the effing barn when i tried kicking you out for sleeping with randy random-not real name-....   ya, the unibrow of my brother hangs on my first sons face ... and my brother wrote a "penthouse" type letter describing the encounter with you. 
         so you were back again,  this time that guy you met at the circle K gave me a hundred dollars to take you back ...  with a story of how you wont stop talking about how much you love me .
       then the neighbor is knocking on my door saying you stole $80 from him... I didnt even know you knew him or that you were over there ...yes , you said you were over there "talking" but you didnt take any money .....i stuck up for you . 
              Then there was mike zokko parked strangely in my driveway but not coming to the door....hhhmmm, what was he doing ?  i went out there , some covered up mystery girl was giving him a BJ, he needed a place to park ...i bought it .....   but it was you , i later found out .
         more men than i can even count ....i could tell 20 more stories just like this ....ALL TRUE. 
             every best friend and most of my friends then were not , they were your secret boy toys 
                         you stabbed and twisted the knife over and over creating a whole life behind my back while you told me you loved me ...  you tried to have me literally killed on at least two occasions... you had your boyfriend help us move and you kissed him in the garage when you thought i was far enough away . when I worked out of town, you said you were doing laundry at the neighbors house--not only does my daughters conception date correspond with that time , she even looks like him    you wrecked every car i had that you drove , you assaulted me 
                   you hid and saved money while i took care of the kids , then you took the kids when you had your dirty money all lined up ---how many men are still on your fishing line 
           PAIN???   I KNOW PAIN....BECAUSE I TRUSTED WHAT MY GIRLFRIEND SAID.
                     i am now basically homeless , with a mental condition, no vehicle , no money ,                  and                no hope  because I believed a woman loved me 
                              how does it end?....i mean LifeLook, I'm not sure if that was your real name, but every now and again, I would park in the parking lot and you would show up out of nowhere. You'd hop in my car and you would take off your pants. I'd suck you till you'd cum on my face. We lost connection, Looking to see you again. I don't know if you'll see this, but I'm hoping you will. Email me please!You sat across from me and my bud, you kept looking over. I wish I had said more. You are quite easy on the eyes and we both imagined you in a more relaxed setting. IF you read this tell me what I guessed. Drink sometime?THIS IS just going to be me babbling , but someone might find it interesting ...
   as for the title .....  this is not a religious post ...   I have believed ....and i have not believed . presently not believing 
               So, if my pants were falling down constantly , I could not afford a belt , and no employer would hire me with a rope around my midsection , .....why would god not answer my prayer for a belt ?
                       I was born into a dual alcoholic violent family....    my mother killed my father when i was six ...  it was late at night (4am)...  i was just a kid , i heard a huge bang or boom, ...i went downstairs to see what the noise was ...  the kitchen floor was a pool of blood , and my mom was there , she said "go back to bed honey , everything is ok"  ,   i did not see his/my dads body , but i also never saw him alive again...
              throughout that week , i heard the adults , they know who they are . Late at night or when they thought it was safe to talk , they were making a cover story , by the end of the week they had their story , they did a great cover up - or my dad just wasnt that important---  the officials ruled it a "natural death". even though there was lots of things that didnt add up.
           Do I need to say that this screwed me up , how do you trust anyone when your own family has devoured one of its own 
           How do i ever have a "normal" relationship with a woman when i have THAT floating in the back of my head ??       where was God?,  
           There's more!!!!   do you want to hear it ?    do you have an answer ?If i pooped my pants would you still love me ? Because i did and its really bad...... I better go.... Change my pants......I drive by there often
there is a guy that had a smoke on the west side  of the building
very dark and full beard
fucking hot
long shot but even if you are str8....you need to know...you are a stud....hot smoking man that you are,.....The beard rocks man.......Turns out you're neither as clever or as all-seeing as YOU think. 
I am not "B," acquainted with him, or even male.  Just annoyed to the point of nausea at this victim consciousness glorification. 
And claiming "she" doesn't know who you are, or that you were always watching does nothing to bolster the case against multiple personality disorder: the "others" are often unknown,  protective, and always watching.Oh desert speak to my heart 
Oh woman of the earth 
Maker of children who weep for love 
Maker of this birth 
'til your deepest secrets are known to me 
I will not be moved 
I will not be moved 
"don't try to find the answer 
When there ain't no question here 
Brother let your heart be wounded 
And give no mercy to your fear" 
Adam and eve live down the street from 
Me 
Babylon is every town 
It's as crazy as it's ever been 
Love's a stranger all around 
In a moment we lost our minds here 
And lay our spirit down 
Today we lived a thousand years 
All we have is now 
Run to the water 
And find me there 
Burnt to the core but not broken 
We'll cut through the madness 
Of these streets below the moon 
These streets below the moon 
And I will never leave you 
'til we can say, "this world was just a 
Dream 
We were sleepin' now we are awake" 
'til we can say 
In a moment we lost our minds here 
And dreamt the world was round 
A million mile fall from grace 
Thank god we missed the ground 
Run to the water 
And find me there 
Burnt to the core but not broken 
We'll cut through the madness 
Of these streets below the moon 
With a nuclear fire of love in our hearts 
Yeah, I can see it now lord 
Out beyond all the breakin' of waves 
And the tribulation 
It's a place and the home of ascended 
Souls 
Who swam out there in love! 
Run to the water 
And find me there 
Burnt to the core but not broken 
We'll cut through the madness 
Of these streets below the moon 
With a NUCLEAR FIRE of love in our hearts 
Rest easy baby, rest easy 
And recognize it all as light and rainbows 
Smashed to smithereens and be happy 
Run to the water (and find me there) 
Run to the water.
wish I knew that things were meant to be the way they are.I bought a 24oz Mocha with whip and whilst we were chatting you knew what my car was, you knew it is the car that made Drifting oh so popular, you mentioned you have a turbo Audi that you're upgranding the turbo on. 
I knew from that moment that I wanted to get to know you more. I realized after i left i either didn't hear you say your name or it just skipped my mind to ask, either way i feel like an idiot now.
My info (car and driver)
I have red hair, black hoody unzipped enough to make out some of my black shirt (radiation symbol)
My car: crappily painted rattle can flat black, which is peeling on the drivers side, fullu stripped interior with random part boxes on the floorboard, rather loud as well.
Oh and i have a sticker that says FWD SUCKS with an image of a tricycle, and best of all, i have a Minion hanging from my rearview mirror.
If you happen to see this, please feel free to get in touch so we can maybe get to know each other better, possibly get greasy as well :)
Sincerely,
Jeramy aka the dumbass who forgot to ask your name *massive facepalm*you know who you are friend. so sorry i have not called but i lost your number come and get your trees from the forest...call me"B"
You actually really  do not know who she is, do you? Not how she is, but WHO she is?
I always found it to be a strange relationship from everything I listened to, but the fact that she would even give you a second glance, blew me and others away.  The way she cared about you and was devoted to you. Dude, you were lucky and you didn't even know it !Since this "Steamedpuke" reply came from the man in question himself, perhaps he should check in his rear view mirror? 
I am sure his wife and family that attacked her initially via text, Internet and phone are ready for their surprises. As smart as you claim to be "B", you had no idea you were under constant surveillance . 
Again, to her, our love and protection will keep her safe as is our assignment. She knows nothing of our existence . You are the fool. And, yet she suffers.I use mystery magical stuff in my mind and never new what I was doing, don't think that I cared. Lost  all family back in 83. A tragic accident took my heart away. probably sold my soul just to get fucking laid. 37 and all alone. Too scared to ask a woman out for fear she will scoled at me. Take just one look and you would agree the magic in the miiror is laughing right at me. A man, A mouse, or owl. Could there be a wolf circling me? The eagle is high, far above and below is all he sees. With eyes wide open this free bird once believed that this whole wonderful world was all a part of me. The circle of life and how its intertwined has now been lost for me. This day I see all hope is gone, loves been lost long ago, and faith? Well faith was never found.   
	Today I ride on my old street bike looking through the past as i must decied. So please should you see a man on a bike that fires on three, fat and loud that will be me. Be blessed in all you do and save heaven for thee.
=-=-UPDATE-=-=
Made it a wonderful wet soggy ride, I wonder if any will post that they saw me.....I finally got the courage to just say how I'm feeling. I think your really cute :) I couldn't tell if you heard me but it looked like you were smiling.To the guy in a grey jacket that pulled out his cock at the CC slaughters Rainbow room last night(11/14).....If you ever need a helping hand or mouth.... Hit me up.You left a few months ago and I lost ur number hit me back if u still got mine. IzviniYou were crossing the intersection in front of me by the Plaid Pantry in Tualatin. Loved the green hair and Docs you had on. I wanted to ask if you needed a ride because it was so cold out.I really enjoyed talking to you and I think of your pretty smile.  I hope to hear from you ...The obsessive and repetitious nature of these postings point to a profound lack of emotional maturity and demonstrate all too clearly why someone might feel it necessary to be callous to encourage her to release her throttling grip on any hope of continued contact.
The supposed chorus of vigilantes promising justice strike such a similar tone as the voice they claim to support that it begs the question if they aren't originating from the same place.
Whatever the case this refrain has become nauseatingly tiresome. 
Be a big girl. Accept responsibility for making a stupid choice and move-the-fuck-along, won't you?So I came in and got my hair faded today, which she did a awesome job, but kinda wish it was you that cut it lol. Your skinny, dark hair, wear glasses and are cute as f*ck! If you get this you should let me take you out sometime. I was with a friend today.That shot you gave me was the best injection I have ever received.  I'd also like to say how helpful you were, and, thank you for going the extra mile to be helpful and provide what I needed.  Thanks!
Now for the other reason I'm posting.  Your demeanor and appearance were so very attractive, I just about melted into my chair.  We've heard of love at first sight.  I don't know about love at first shot, but if there is such a thing I found it today.  You could have left your hands on my shoulders for hours, and it would have been just fine with me.  I could feel sparks and tingles from were you were touching me, even through those gloves!  Standing there hunched over that screen all day has got to leave you feeling a little stiff at the end of the day.  I'd have returned the favor with a massage or adjustment.  I'm not looking for a hook up but I'd be interested in meeting up for coffee or a burger or maybe a beer.  I think if you see this you'll know who I am.  Not wanting to embarass or call attention to you, I'll leave this as anonymous as possible, but if you want to give me some clues should you choose to respond, that would be helpful.  
And, thanks again!I will forever be afraid of you. That I would let you in only to take off with someone else again. 
To become vulnerable and see it so easily disregarded... I loved you intensely and meant so little to you....will be 2 birthdays you have missed. Fitting as to how the relationship was so one-sided. You enjoy your life with the one you decided to destroy us with. I know my worth and value, all has fallen into place now, money, future, etc. I have freedom and little concern of how I am going to get what I need. Would have been nice to share that with someone but I will share it with someone else down the road.Do you remember we were going to run away together. We were going to have kids and have a good life do u miss me 
Your charleneI know thats not your name, but thats what I say every time I see you. I'd have to be blind not to see that NICE buldge in your gym shorts. Wanted to give you a hanny when you were sitting in your car last night. I know you're str8, but maybe you like a hot mouth on the side once in while ? You know where I live. Drop by sometime and say .....'I was just in the neighborhood.' I'll do the rest. No one will know.you are too cute.
apparently you are "straight"
and have a boyfriend
but
if that is not fully the case
we spoke briefly last night
and i was a bit infatuated....
i tried to help you find your keys
and talked with your friends for a while..
if you have an interest
and happen to see this
please
say hello!
-tTo the beautiful manager at Gresham Fred Meyers. You are hot. You are fairly short with reddish hair.  I really liked your shoes you showed me on Friday when I was there picking up my large wine purchase. I think you are married but what a lucky guy your husband is. I would like to at least take you to lunch sometime if you are interested. From the wine guy.We met many years ago at Starbucks. You heard my speakers and came over to sit next to me. You took me on rides in your Bronco up into the woods. You were a punk when you were a kid, and I liked it.
I never knew more than your first name and that you had a girlfriend. Maybe you moved away, but I never saw you again. I've been looking for you. I just want to know how you're doing. I miss the friendship we had. 
Tell me the name of the band I was listening to when we met, and your name.Young guy at Steam front desk, around 5pm. You've got a great smile. I'd return to flirt more but I'm not a regular. I'm the older guy who commented on how quiet the place would be after I left.Not the person this is for, but seriously dude!? 
You post this at least once a week. I don't know this chick, but what do you hope to accomplish by posting this? 
You don't post enough info for anyone who knows her to know what this is for. If this is for her, maybe you should just chill out and leave it alone. 
We get it, you think she's a whore. We've gotten for the last 2 months. Let.it.go.Was kinda bummed when you wernt at pick up. Wish you would just ask me out or something.... but in the mean time I will enjoy the eye locks we do till you are off my porch.
See you in the morning.classic Creepster saying hello to someone Mysterious. Safe journey little caterpillar.classic Creepster saying hello to someone Mysterious. Safe journey little caterpillar.You were on a double date(?) and I was with a couple at the Market Street Pub between 8 and 9 pm...Any chance we could repeat the evening without the other five people??You were the girl that helped me on Wednesday. I thought you were adorable, even with your numb mouth.
If you see this let me know where I shipped to.Should have said hello. I was with moustache in black to your left a couple of rows behind you. You with lovely black hair in black tights and sweater.Paul, why so hostile?  I might be your worst nightmare.  If I were you I would proceed with much caution.I really wish my ex would respond to my last apology with permission to text her. There are some things I need to say to her.
Today I caught somebody trying to impersonate me on this site. It is being looked into. I dont care for third party interference. 
.....Anyway
I still love my ex. It doesn't mean we need to be together as a couple.  It doesn't mean we were able to give each other what we needed. It does not excuse the things I did and said to her. I do still miss her and care about her very much. 
I don't care for the influences that she chooses to surround herself with. That is her choice, not mine. 
It would be nice to talk sometime when you are alone. There are a few things I really wish I could talk to you about but never got a chance to, and a few things I would like to discuss before I move again.
Oh, and we are not married yet. 
My life belongs only to myself. Once you share an experience with somebody you can never take that back. You can only grow beyond it.there are so many reasons to just say fuck it and walk away.....but yet i want you back....u did me so wrong for so long... But you were my friend above all and I should not have turn my back on you like I did...it hard knowing you out there cold and sad....the no contact sucks....I'm sorry how it all went down....there was a thousand better ways.....whatever you do don't give up on yourself..your talented and I have seen your sparkle with my own eyes....your great when you let yourself be...if not for you then do it for your girl...she needs to see her mom being successful and healthy.... As well as her dad.....and maybe we will see why the universe put us together....are children...an maybe we still are ment to be together,  just not yet....you are the most amazing thing that ever happened to me....the good and bad....there will never be another you....and as perfect as the next may be...she can never have me the way you did.....i wish we would have taken more pictures.......
EvolFor no other reason. I just couldn't stop. I wanted to share the first half of my page. Enjoy, or at the very least.. Think 
I think what's most disturbing about dreams... And I don't mean the ones you have while sleeping... But rather these hopeful, oh-so-awake variety is that they impress upon us this sense of things going our way, as if this one time there will be no clouds, no obstacles in our paths, and the planets will align just for us. While the sentiment is pleasing and gay in every manner it could, we lose the very experience that is perhaps just as rewarding as the end result. It's the struggle that we lose from these idyllic dreams that perhaps makes these thoughts so distasteful to me. It's not like I have not already experienced my "fair share" of struggle, but that I can truly look at my life and realize that from each moment of struggle I made decisions that have brought me to this very moment, and each the follows. That is not to say I see no mistakes, though in all sincerity I could not at this point, or any in my foreseeable future, differentiate between good or bad decisions as the world is not comprised of two shades, our light and dark, good and evil, and I could not tell you I would act any different in any given situation given the exact pressures of any circumstance I've encountered.You had shorter dark hair. I thought you were hot. I'm taken, I think you are taken too. DL? Tell me where we were when I saw you so I know its you.Ashley you rang up my purchase tonight just a few minutes before closing, you made my day :)   not only are you very very attractive, but very friendly too. I would love to ask you out for a date, reply if your interested and tell me what we discussed about what I was purchasing.There is a nice guy named Frank who works in Target in Beaverton.  It may be weird to write here but it's the only place I knew I could place an ad.  He has a nice smile, soft spoken, polite and nice very long black hair, very helpful.  I hope he see's this.  Let him know how nice he is.I was in Starbucks on Monday and a very very cool guy who's name starts with J helped me.  he had curly long hair and glasses and was super cool.  Not sure what he is like at all, but he seemed very cool.  So have I said that enough.  I was there, had longhair, goatee, was with a  friend.  I hope if you or someone tells you about this you're not offended,  Maybe I get lucky and you say hi.You were adorable.  We took a class earlier today and were partners throughout the day.  Not sure what team you played for, but figured I'd write this regardless.  When we partnered repeatedly, you called me "bud", which was far too cute.  When class ended and we headed home, I was standing at the bus stop and you stopped as you drove by and offered to give me a ride home. I, foolishly, declined.  We never even exchanged names.  I wish I had taken the ride.  If you're down, message me back and tell me what the class was for, and also what your job is.  For extra credit, tell me what state your car's license plate was.I was caught up in my thoughts and music.   Our eyes locked for a minute. You ran by taking a out a earbud, waving and saying hello.  I couldn't mumble a word.  Your smile is amazing!! Was hoping you would of came by on another lap while I was shooting photos still.  Your running through my mind now.   Maybe I will see you again while I am shooting photos or out running my self on the East bank.Hey to the sexy as guy who was wearing his clothes in the shower you were wearing boni briefs we keplooking at eachother and smilinglooked like you got a lil hard I really hope you see this and message me back !! I'd love to get to know you....you were so attractive pleasess respond with what I looked likegoodnesss, good looking man, at fred meyer deli counter...i think you bought a couple of corn dogs...
you were wearing a navy blue sweatshirt...sometime around eight-thirty...
just thought you should know, if you already don't...good looking...You were working the closing shift on Tuesday, 11/12. Black hat, black t-shirt, super nice and cute. You're always really nice--are you also taken? Would love to know your name and if you are available for drinks. You always seem to remember me when I stop in, so maybe you've already noticed me? Too shy to ask you in person. Also, don't want to bother you while you're working. Email me?I saw you a couple times in the evenings. I am not sure how to talk to you because you are so into your workout. And it is lame to hit on women at the gym. Maybe coffee if you see this and you are single?  I am the slightly younger guy who asked if you were done using the leg machine. Email me with what you answered if you see this.Paul Preston--I'm just someone who misses Betty, that's all.  Who might you be?  Do I need to elaborate more than this, craigslist?Hey girl in the maroon t-shirt, doing leg presses.  If you don't want a bunch of randos staring at your chest then maybe you should consider SHOWING LESS THAN 6 FUCKING INCHES OF CLEAVAGE.  I mean seriously, how are you going to show two fat handfuls of boobage in a room full of testosterone and then proceed to give every guy a dirty look for doing what god hard wired us to do in that situation.
If you think I'm wrong on this one, feel free to tell me off in person the next time you come to the gym wearing a deep neck tee, just don't expect me to look at your pissed off faceCannot find this girl anywhere!
We were good friends around high school.  I have always wondered what happened to her. No Facebook, no nothing!
She went to Lakeridge High (1985?)
Thanks to anyone that can get me in touch!...I'm not sure but I thought I saw you looking over at me several times this evening while you were there celebrating a birthday party...I couldn't keep my eyes off of you. Respond to this with the name of the birthday girl, and I'll know it's you since I heard you all sing happy birthday...Your the UPS driver that usually drops off water but lately has been dropping off other random stuff for me.  I get excited when I know you are dropping off something for me as I like to see you and visit with you.  I know you won't see this but if you do...................let me know what company I work at.Hey we just kinda bumped into each other a couple times at Alberstons. It looked like you just got done tanning :) I don't know why I didn't say anything, you were really cute! I don't know if you'll see this here but hey why not! Lol crossing my fingers :) if you think its you, tell me what I was wearing and I'll get back to you for sure :)So I really like you, and I really want to ask you out.  The only thing stopping me is if you say no then I'll be embarrassed and can't go back in there for lunch anymore.  If you see this and are interested then hit me up, and let me know how you may remember me.There I was, sitting with my friend last night (toward the back, on the side with the bathrooms) and you walked from one side of the room to the other. You: tall, thin with very short, dark hair; dark, thick-framed glasses; wearing an orangish plaid shirt and a knit cap. You caught my eye and I could not look away. Believe me, I tried. But kept going back to you. You sat near the stage.
I tried to find the courage to talk to you between Chris Pureka and the Tiburones but it was a surprisingly short break and I didn't get up the nerve. I had to leave before they finished but immediately regretted not talking to you. 
Me: Queer. Tall, short dark hair. Brown plastic glasses. Brown shirt and vest. Jeans. I was there with a woman wearing a red shirt. 
If you're interested, write me. I'd love to buy you a drink.Hey,
You're much younger than me. We started in the steam room then ended up in your room. I ate your ass and you loved it. You're a sexy fucker. I wanna play around some more. Hit me up if you see this.It's a LONG shot, but you guys moved to Oregon or Washington and I'd like to talk to you. Tell me where you used to live in Ohio....Soooo, we were in class today and I'm hoping one of your "partners in crime" will see this if you don't and realize it's you I'm talking about. 
I have a bucket list, your profession is on it and I have you in my sights now ;). If you're interested in allowing me to cross you off my list respond and tell me what you were wearing today that could potentially be a fun play thing and we can figure out from there.I am in love with you. You say you love me, but never that you are in love with me. Even when things were at their best, you would never let me meet your friends or even know where you live. I couldn't even drop you off at your door. Things have seemed off from the beginning. Maybe I'm being conned and you expect me to know that. I don't know anything about anything. I'm a fucking moron. If anyone described  their relationship and it resembled ours, I would think they wanted to be hurt. But I can't give you up. You are all I think about. I'm pretty sure it's over. I'm fairly certain it never started. You don't want me to touch you. We haven't had sex in months and now you will not contact me unless I contact you first. But I ask and you say that the only thing is wrong is that I'm being selfish. I would give you anything and everything. I would empty my bank account, I would let you live rent free, I would kill someone for you. All I want is to be with you. But it's not going to happen. I feel your lack of interest in me. I know the fade out. I've done it plenty if times. Its like I'm in quick sand. I could struggle and try to keep you. But you don't want me. Struggling will only make me sink more quickly. I'm sorry I lied. I'm sorry I didn't help you. I'm so sorry. Please just tell me if it's over. If I'm wrong, I'd prefer to hear that. But if that's the case then why don't you want to see me?You had a mess of curls and blue eyes, I think. (I wish I could have gotten a better look at them.)You ended up sitting in the back of the bus. The right corner, technically left, if walking toward the seat. You were writing in a notebook and I kept sneaking glances.
I pulled a small notebook out of my bag to write you a note, but I didn't give it to you. The bus was too crowded and I was sitting a couple of seats ahead. I was too nervous to walk back and give it to you. You don't strike me as the type to check the miss connections section of craigslist.
Oh well. I got off before you and started walking to the park. I thought you were beautiful with a possible quiet soul attached.Hi! So you were working in electronics today, we met eyes and smiles several times. You were wearing a floral shirt,  long beautiful hair with an amazing smile. I wanted to come talk to you, but you and your co-worker were unloading some supplies. Would enjoy talking to you, if you get this write back about the first place i was when we met eyes :).I couldn't help but noticing you yesterday the 13th during my work out.you may be Latino.you were wearing a white sleeveless t that was torn down the side and could see your perfectly defined abs and sculpted v! You ended stepping naked next to me and I could see how perfect your whole body is from shaved head to toe...love tattoo on your lower left abdomen! Just wanted to say thank you for the nice visual treat off you naked.OK guys help me out- Met a guy here when I visited back early September. He had a Great Dane named Teaka (I think) Explained to me all about the history of the breed- I busted chops about no room on the bed. If he is gay- If you know him- If he reads this hit me up. Your dog was awesome- You were quite handsome as well.
Cheers!You were behind me on the freeway and off ramp, and the sun was behind us, so don't know if you saw me turn and smile back at you, but you are beautiful, brunette, and you were singing along with the music.  Wish I could've gotten your attention...so much I want to say to you..., 
so much I want you to explain to me..
I have learned so much since that first day.... and yet I feel lost ...... part of me will forever be damaged because of you..I will forever be afraid of you
this sucks because I know one hug .. to hold you  to feel you wrap me in your arms...to just lay on your chest.. I could completely forgive you ...as nothing more than a person that crossed my path and hurt me... and I need to.. I need to feel you cared about me and what happened to me. how you played this game. and that you lied.. so that I can forever let you go
there is no deeper cut than when someone tells you they love you and will wait for you forever no matter what ..they will be your friend always and make you promise to be theirs 
and then to read those words... "I dont care about you or what happens to you" ,, I understand love changes.. but that was unkind,.. and unnecessary
I never wanted to believe you were an asshole, 
I wanted to always be reminded of that guy........ the one that saved my soul.... even if "forever" never came
  not the asshole that destroyed it... and I will never have that moment .. that peaceful moment..... a moment not a lifetime.. my reality is you don't care, it did not matter, you showed me..I did not matter. 
it hurts how you treated me so bad I cannot even look at you... you will never understand that. 
your birthday is coming and I hope you have a good one.. I really do.. 
it was simple......... speechless.......
you know what was inside me to give,,,,,,, you know who I am..and you said you understood my story............... sorry you did not value that...  I just always wanted to find the good in you....'
COMES A TIME.......... WHEN THE BLIND MAN TAKES YOUR HAND.. SAYS.......=========================================================================================================We were both on the stationary bikes at 24 hr. You lingered for a few seconds after you got off, I really wanted to say something funny or clever to you but couldn't think of anything. I was wearing black. Your a total cutie! Hope you see thisI was behind you in line and asked you what was good to eat? You are so handsome.... wish you would of talked more...
If you see this and are interested ( and available) would love to hear from you :-)it was hot in the steam room this morning especially with your mouth wrapped around my cock. would love to hook up and finish where we left off.To Her:
She did not deserve to be hurt by your careless actions with her heart and yet she suffers.  You may not have loved her. But, she is loved.  You should be ashamed B.Does anyone know how I can reach her? 
I have been looking for her for some time nowI told you that your booty was perfect. It is. I know you have special circumstances, but I don't care. I keep thinking of you and want to see you again.I was coming in as you were leaving and we locked eyes.  I could tell I was your type.  
You were petite with short platinum hair and a beautiful face.
Hoping I can find out who you areYou beautiful Dark long pony tail black suit white yellow stripe You are stunning your legs and rear took me back to colledge were my gf had similar attributes my primary Duty was to massage and stretch those specimens her roomate and I pleasured in serving her sprinter body I would love to show you my expertise i was not much on the surface by my bicyce but tear away some clothing and see pure athlete ill jog whatever you desire.Kandi you said i looked like someone you know i said ___
You looked into my eyes as if you. Found ssomething i thought i had i whispered be right back 4 min later you gone lets ride y
To salt lake you can straddle n drive :)Watch who you stab in the back. They may have long enough arms to reach around pull out the knife and give it back to you. I hope your angry little midget of a man gets fucked in the ass tomorrow. Make sure he tells his kids Christmas is fucking canceled this year.you sat next to me on my flight from san diego to portland and we talked for almost the entire 2.5 hours.  I was going to wait to ask you out for dinner or drinks at baggage claim, but I went to the wrong baggage claim, and when I got the right one, you were gone.  I'm an idiot for never even asking your name.  What were you studying?Hey,
I was in Red Robin today with a friend of mine and you served us. You had blonde hair, thin, blondish beard and really cute. Great eyes and smile and I kept staring at you every time you came to our table. I want to come back and see you. Would you be interested in getting a drink with me and getting to know each other? You are really cute... hope you remember me. My friend was wearing black glasses and I was wearing a plaid shirt with a blue shirt underneath.
Hope you read these.It made me happy to hear from you. Thank you. I hope you had a wonderful birthday today.
I still hate the fact that I don't feel quite right without you in my life.Your post could be for anybody. I got scolded more than a few times for peeing instead of poking. It was nothing personal. Sorry for the mixed signals. ~NIf it's you let me know....one day I went over to you when this song was playing in my headphones and asked if you liked The Cure and that song. If it's you, that is really groovy that you remembered this. I hope you know how much I miss you, the longer your not around, the more I think about moving back. I felt closer to you than anyone else here.Today I was in Michael's and came around the corner and you were standing there looking at something. My jaw about hit the floor! Your gorgeous! I have to say your purple pants are what caught my eye, jezzz! I walked around the store like had just slammed down about six shoots Jack, drunk as hell. I'm my purple-stupor, I lost all ability to communicate. Bottom line, I totally regret not going over to say "HI" Soooooooo, if by far some stretch you read this please know I would love to sit down and chat, drinks, coffee? 
I was wearing blue shirt, jeans, baseball hat.I came in with my grandmother, you and I talked a tiny bit during my order, not sure if you thought I was cute or anything. I certainly thought you were, though!
Regardless of if I'm reading too much into this, I just wanted to let you know how cute I thought you were. You smiled and I melted.
We can talk if you'd like. c:The definition of insanity is: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Albert EinsteinWe kept staring at each other from across the patio. You are adorable. I hope our paths cross again.If.........
Please let me know an address I can email you off of CL. 
I need to write more so.....Is you. The invisible cord connecting our souls is stronger than life. I belong to you and I am forever yours. Distance is not our enemy but the confirmation that nothing can break this connection. I am yours. Always. Your every wish will always be my command. I feel you swirling and when you think of me, I feel your breath on my skin. I feel your happiness and your pain. I belong to you.We played around a bit in the steam room at the gym tonight.  Got interrupted.  Want to finish?  Name the gym.I was stopping by to drop off some books, and check my e-mail before heading home from work. I was sitting at a computer and you at a table not too far away. We kept exchanging these nervous glances towards each other, quickly looking away. I honestly stayed at that computer longer than I needed to, trying to work up the courage to say hi. 
Anyways, a guy came and sat next to you (boyfriend?) and you started talking and reading comics. I left then to have a cigarette, and when I came back you were gone. 
Not sure if you'll even read this, and even if you do I doubt you're available. Still now seems a good of a time as any to say you're really cute and it'd be great to buy you a drink sometime.
I was wearing a black hoodie and a denim jacket. You?Watched you in the shower while you soaped up and rinsed off, you were hard the entire time.  Kept eyeing each other in the locker room waiting to get to our lockers.  You put on an orange shirt and I followed you out of the gym.  When do you normally go to the gym?It was Friday night at Embers bar.  U come with your friends and left with your friends. U Invited me to dance and I was happy to dance. We dance and we kissed and kissed and kissed. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .. . .and kissed. 
You are afro and light skin black. You told me you are from LA. 
I am afro and from ________________;
I love you and thinking of you to see you again!!Good God. You are the owner I believe. You are the most attractive guy I've ever seen. And not to mention funny and awesome. Pretty sure you're not Gay..  So if not just take this as a compliment. If so, I would love to get to know you more.I think I overheard that your name was Trevor ( That's what the front desk girl said when you checked in) Dark Hair, taller guy, amazing shape and a smile that will literally stop time. I've seen you numerous times at the Gym. Don't even know if you are Gay ( Hopefully ) I would love to get to know you some more. Me, 27 dark hair, and I'm sure you've noticed me looking at you. We've made eye contact several times. I really hope you see this.You were in Zupan's buying party materials. I was buying dinner materials. You got Laurelwood Red and based on my opinion, you bought a different beer. Name the beer that you ended up buying and you win. You're fucking cute, loved the look, and I think we should get together. Nice full-on flirtation. I was waiting for you to leave. How did you get into your car before I saw you? I wanted to give you my number.You looked like you were on a date, maybe a first date, maybe it's been a few months or years for you. 
But you didn't look interested.
I was in a booth by the bar. I've watched those dates before. If the woman is interested, I watch her eyes light up when the guy returns if he has stepped away. Your eyes did not.
We made eye contact once or twice. But I'm not the kind of guy that would cut in.
Let me know the color and type of shirt you were wearing. 
I hope that something better comes along.I was having dinner with three of my best friends and you were playing cribbage next to us. We kept making eyes at each other but were obviously preoccupied with our own dinner conversation, at least until you started looking for your lost cribbage piece, to say anything. We should change that...You are super fine, and I had to leave or risk being too googly-eyed-
Any chance we can pick up the conversation?You assisted me in getting set up today on the computer.  I was definitely attracted to you from the start.
Let me know what I was wearing if you respond.We kept crossing paths last night for some reason, and every time we did I couldn't help but notice your demeanor declining.  Standing in line outside you were bubbly, cheery, with friends.  Long beautiful dark hair, darker complexion, tan colored shirt, black pants that made your ass look AMAZING (yeah, I couldn't stop looking at it)... black shoes, golden necklace.  Your smile caught my attention so I checked you out... and BAMM... that booty.  You were with another girl and two guys.
Inside I ended up right behind you, absolutely un-intentionally.  One of the guys introduced you to his friend as "my girl", so I figured my idea of introducing myself and asking you to marry me at 9:10pm on 11/12/13 was shot, there went that "special moment".  lol  Throughout the night it seemed as if he just .... well, he's not right for you.  The way he treated you, took you for granted and from an outsider's point of view basically controlled you... you weren't happy when you left.  It disgusts me to see guys treat women like that but it's none of my business, so I have to rant on here about the "missed connection" I felt I had last night, or didn't have rather.  My friend thought you were crazy, I thought you were just fed up.  I'd love to take you to lunch and bring that smile back to your face that you had standing in line waiting to go into the concert....Changing the outside will not change the heart........  Perhaps this is your way of burning thru a whole different batch of men.  Will never know.  OR really care to.You got on the crowded bus in the 30s around 7:40. Your beautiful brown eyes locked with my blue ones from behind your glasses for that important moment. You were trying to find a place to read your book. It was on Joe Hill. We all need more heroes. Those earrings brushing against your stripped scarf. Just wanted to say you're beautiful.It was your first night working at Red Robin and we talked about Paradiso and EDC, I was going to give you my number but you never came back to the table to give me the chance! I would love to talk to you more! =Dhello i am latino guy  looking for top  of 21 to 35 i am honest hart honny   and moreMr. Moon...I miss YOU. Not the you I see everyday, but the YOU that i met 3 years ago. The YOU that still had a sparkle in his eye, life left in him and a soul with no limits. I miss US. We made beautiful memories together, we made love look easy and most of all we made a family. I don't show it often...maybe even ever...but Im grateful for you and all that you are. I wouldn't be me without YOU. And for that I am forever grateful. So Mr.Moon...when and if you see this, all that I ask for is a hug for no reason and a kiss just because... I love YOU!I was driving in my grey (gray)Toyota Tacoma on the pacific highway.  You were driving a Nissan Rogue.  We made eye contact, then passed by each other on east bound lanes on highway 99W in Tigard.  I took the 217 north bound exit.  As you passed you snapped your head to look at me.  I wish I'd waved but...  Anyway, I want to meet you. ;-)We got on the same stop of the MAX. You were wearing a suit coat and a hooded sweatshirt. Your luscious beard amazed me and I loved your glasses.
We looked at each other and I smiled. I wanted to talk to you but you were listening to music. Email me what with what stop we got on at, I will be waiting.You sit across the room from me. I can't seem to take my eyes off you. We chat, but I don't think you even realize my desire. Our eyes catch and we share a smile. I long for the day I can hold you, to feel your heart beating steadily against my chest, your breath across my skin. You will probably never know.Hey man...we were in separate booths then hung out in yours.  said i liked your dick and you said the same.  you were in sweat pants.  Had a great time with you would like to bullshit and hang out again.  Hit me up...I hope you see this.Real long shot here - Tuesday 11/12 at 5pm.  I sat at the bar and you served me a pint and we BS'd a bit.  Me, scruffy salt-n-pepper beard and black vest.  I got no vibe from you but you might bat from both sides of the plate?  Or just wishful thinking on my part?  Can't imagine you're rolling solo but if you are (or aren't) and horny I'd love to get you outa those Levis ;)  Or just catch a pint w/ya.  Drop me a line if you like.  In your e-mail identify what kind and color of hat you had on.  What kind of hat did I have on?  Hope to hear from you.It's been almost 13 years & I still can't get you out my mind. I know I did you wrong but she didn't mean anything. I hired a pi to locate you & found out that you have been in a relationship with an older man for 12 yrs now & have a beautiful 10 year old daughter with him. That should  be my daughter, I miss you & your son jj. We would've been a great family if I stayed true. You still look beautiful as ever and I'm glad you kept your hair long. Island girl still got it. I'm glad you still live in Tigard & still have good taste in cars (ml320). I hope he loves you as much as I do. I will be the best husband & father if you give me a second chance. I hope and pray that we reconnect. I know you told me you were inlove with him but he still ain't got a ring on your finger? I sound like a stalker but I don't give a rap. I know this year has been rough for you and it's made me realize that we need each other now more than ever. I promise I will never hurt you again & I will love your kids as if they mine. I know I can give you everything you always wanted. House,cars,shopping , trips,jewelry. I know you not a gold digger but you still like nice things. I want you back in my life. I will move back to Portland or you and the kids can move to Phoenix. You will probably never read this but if by chance you do..I love you Jayne! Always have & always will. Hit me up if you feel the same.You helped me today around 12:30. You commented on my shirt and how we shared the same birthday. When you asked if I needed anything else, I strongly thought about asking you out...but I didn't, shame on me...maybe you read these and thought the same, if so...email me and mention the birthday so I know I've found right person... Until thenYou were behind me on the on-ramp, and the sun was in our faces, so don't know if you saw me turn and smile back at you, but you are beautiful, brunette, retro sunglasses, and you were singing along with the music.  Wish I could've gotten your attention...I was waiting for self check out as you were using it.  You were beautiful with lovely brown hair, and I have to admit a fantastic butt.  I also have to admit that when you bent down to grab your groceries I got a look at your sexy lace panties. 
I tried to catch your eye but you grabbed your groceries and left.In the sharp gust of love my memory stirred 
When time wreathed a rose a garland of shame 
It's thorn my only delight war torn 
Afraid to speak, we dare to breathe
Majestic, imperial a bridge of sighs 
Solitude sails in a wave of forgiveness 
On angels wings
Reach out your hands, don't turn your back 
Don't walk away 
How in the world, can I wish for this? 
Never to be torn apart 
Close to you 'till the last beat of my heart
At the close of day the sunset cloaks 
These words in shadow play 
Here and now, long and loud 
My heart cries out 
And the naked bone of an echo says 
Don't walk away
Reach out your hands I'm just a step away 
How in the world can I wish for this? 
Never to be torn apart 
Close to you till the last beat of my heart
How in the world can I wish for this? 
Never to be torn apart till the last beat 
Till the last fleeting beat of my heartI want to see those boobs they are Huge! You know who you are and I know you are on cl. Always had a secret thing for you. Just sayingHello I was responding to your post but when tried sending your ad had been removed, are you still interested in meeting a nice man?Heaven is cold without any soul it's hard to believe I was so in love with you. 
youtu.be/mD8TApX3btMYour departure was disturbingly abrupt.  Hoping you are okay.  Also hoping that we can reconnect as friends.I know this is a shot in the deep deep darkest or dark. 
Your names Caitlin/Kaitlynn?
Sorry I don't know how to spell it, I never learned I know how "Caitlin's" have numerous spellings. 
I've met you, I like died the first time I met you just listening to you speak, I absolutely crazy about your personality, and have the utmost respect for you. 
Because of dream girls I could see you but obviously couldn't really flirt, I know their video and audio recording deal. 
Anyways I hope your not freaked out and think I'm a stalker because I know some of this, I could add more but I'm sure you would really be startled..but I think if you do see this or maybe someone who knows you who tells you about it, you can hit me up and I'll explain. :) 
And if you can send me a pic to just confirm who you are that would be great :) 
Thanks again :) I really hope I hear from you! 
Oh and I'm sure you have gotten this a lot, I mean ican see your the type of girl people gravitate towards probably, charismatic, but I promise the reason I'm writing this is more than because I've seen you work and wanted to "holla" at you lol or whatever 
Alright later :)Another dream about you. This time it was a sexy nightmere... 
Dream: we were waking up in bed together. We were spooned, you were pressing your hard throbbing cock on my butt. You keep waking me up by gentling humping me in your "sleep". It was like how we were when we were together. Even when I rolled over towards you and gripped your huge morning wood you pushed me away screaming "I have to pee!!!" Damn so surreal! Just like old times... I'm sorry for molesting you in the mornings, just know that humping me while I was asleep was very confusing, and mixed signals... Glad I don't live this nightmere anymore.Miss seeing you rock out to this...
I think I miss you... or something...
youtube.com/watch?v=s7f-Udv8rlsWatch your husbands, she likes to think they're hers for YEARS..... 
Yes it's his fault as well, but she should know better especially since I called her out and warned her and she continued on anyway. Not only messing with my family but with her and her supposed fianc.You just disappeared and I miss you.  That's all I have to say.    It might be nice to take a walk or something with you again.Hello!
I am taking a chance and seeing if I can find a counselor from 2006 who worked at an outdoor science school down in Salem, but is from Beaverton somewhere. You went by the name Edge and you played your guitar with your friend whom i cant remember his name. Just wondering if anyone knows who this is? Just want to see how he is doing in life. 
If this is you? tell me who did you dedicate your pepto-bismol song too?I know this is a long shot since it has been over a month and I've never done this before, so please forgive how awkward this may seem. On Saturday October 5, I volunteered to be a ghoul in Fright Town's haunt "The Madness." You were also playing a role and got stuck in my hall for a couple minutes and apologized to me afterwards. Kind, shaved head, you were an Acolite with a dark robe on and then once we got out of costume you were in a black suit. We smiled at each other and talked a little, but I never had the courage to give you my number. I was finally about to, but you were gone. I volunteered twice more after that, but no luck. My name is Katie, I have short brown hair and I probably looked filthy with all the ruined makeup, but if you happen to stumble on this and remember me and want to meet and talk, let me know :)Maybe it was there when you first met him, maybe it never was, but it's definitely not there now.  You don't want to leave him, and you probably shouldn't, but there's still an emptiness inside of you.  You've talked to him about it, but nothing changes.  Can you live your life being 90% fulfilled?  Sure, that's about as good as most people could ask for, but why not strive for that extra 10%?  Maybe you need someone who listens to you.  Maybe you need someone to flirt with.  Maybe you're missing the passion, the butterflies in your stomach, the rapid beating of your heart when you're touched.  Perhaps you and I are the connection that was missed.  I'm in the same situation as you.  I don't want to leave, and neither do you, but that doesn't mean we should be unhappy.  I'd love to give you what you need, and maybe you can do the same for me.  That way we get to stay where we are, but we can still be as happy as we should be.Did anyone see the person in the Toyota FJ side swipe my VW passing in the non-lane on the left of the fast lane?  It happened around 5:35pm November 12th.  They didn't stop until miles down the road so it's my word against his about what happened.  Thanks for the help.You ordered a vanilla soft serve from back to eden.  vegans are sexy and so are you.  I was standing behind you and you smelled very nice.  You didn't notice when I was looking at you but I cant stop thinking about you.  You have beautiful brown hair and I noticed you left a nice tip!  My punch card is full and I would like to take you out for the free one ;)  Send me your pic so I know its you, and then you'll get mine.You wrote me a few times and I couldnt respond because you have to pay to respond. 
what is my user name and what color shirt am I wearing?I'm looking for a sub, that likes to be tied down, and used for sex. 
sucking, licking, fucking (safe) being blindfolded, bondage, a little pain, spanked.
I have a few toys to use on you. I have electro toys also. I'm not into scat, or blood, or heavy pain, but pushing your limits can be fun.
You must host, and I'm not looking to travel too far from the Clackamas area.
smooth ass ++/ younger + average shape also.
send info / stats and pics in first email, 
Put  SUB in header. or I will just delete the email.You had shorter dark hair. I thought you were hot. I'm taken, I think you are taken too. DL? Tell me where we were when I saw you so I know its you.I'm looking for an old friend. We lost touch after being in a Meteorology night class at PCC in 2005. I've been trying to find her on facebook every so often, but to no avail. She went by Katrina on the role call, but was really called Kasia (pronounced Kashya). I think her last name started with a K also. She is Polish, and has a little boy who's about 9 now, whose name starts with a J. She lived with her mother in Beaverton in 2005, and her father was a conscientious objector held prisoner by the Russian government. (The teacher recognized her name, and asked about it) She was such a wonderful person. I hope to meet her again. Please, if you know her, link her this personal. My name is Feygon.You got off, so what is your complaint? It takes two to tango, and the last I remembered you were leading that dance. A good thing to remember is that I live a full life and very little or none of it had anything to do with you for the short period you wandered through it. And absolutely nothing has anything to do with you once you wandered out in a different direction. You have to stay around for a bit for anything to have any reference to you, man. I had to think a little bit about a brief history of time to come up with you. It's ok if you do not comment. In fact, I encourage you not to comment. It's stupid and I definitely don't regret your having been or gone. Just nothing there! Peace.You flirt with me, I think. It makes smile. I like it, keep it up.  It could go somewhere fun. Hint,  you said you thought you were "old" in a recent conversation we had.We had a hot connection in the corner room last week - the big room was taken - want to hook up again soon --  I asked if you had an email address --- you balked --- hit me up!!! I wanna service you again soon...loved biting your nips...I got on the bus at the same stop with an extremely rude drunk person. Tried to trip me after he sat down a seat away from you, and I told him to fuck off. After that he called me a fag and I just ignored him, because I had been dealing with him for the past 10 minutes and you kept standing up for not just me, but gays and lesbians in general, and specifically. I appreciated that a lot. I am not sure if you are gay..or straight. I just wanted to thank you. Let me know your name, and whatnot if you want to be thanked. Either dinner or drinks, on me. Or if you'd be down with just talking. Thanks C. This happened tonight, (1215ish, this morning).It was hot dancing with you. I'm glad you approached me. Thanks, C. 
Pxtxof lgLuphcHxysotsrxoppyxxsdxyhhpplcvkvkkcdjcu
Cuxhxyydduchivifiifviudificiicviviigfivicuigvigigiggicic
Duciiddididkvj kkvckkc kkvckkc ikvckvkkvckfddickikbWhere do we work at, or what does the company do? Could you give some hints, like a conversation we had?You came into my work yesterday. We spoke briefly but, I could tell I liked your personality.I asked you if you needed any help, and you said no, even though you look like you're more than capable Haha. I called you ma'am when you left, you said to not call you ma'am because you didn't have any kids, I kinda felt like that meant you were fair game ;) I'm definitely into women that are older than me, and you are definitely someone I would like to undress and do naughty things to. Do young men hit on you a lot? If you read this respond with the place I workmaybe this isn't really a connection that I miss so much... but you were in a dream i had last night.
we were walking along a road, seemed like it should have been Germantown road in NW Portland but there were more meadows than are really there, kind of like that walk we took on our camping trip.  in my dream, i confronted you about you sleeping with your housemate (which i'll never know the truth about and i'm really okay with that-- he is more than welcome to your crazy and/or possibly bedbugs) and got an ambiguous "Yeah but no" answer.
i started to walk away then, so that's when you started yelling something or another about how I don't understand you (not because you're stoned 24/7) because you are trying to take care of the child you had 2 years ago but that doesn't live with you.  in the dream, it made me stop for a moment, but i thought the better of it and kept walking.  if that was something that really happened in real life, i would probably be shocked but not particularly surprised at the revelation.  
this is one connection i'm glad to be missing.  good luck with whatever it is that... well, whatever.I thought you were very attractive. You seemed thoughtful and a bit maudlin. I thought you might stop back by on your way out - but your escort kind of eliminated that possibility.
Let's go out. Unlike earlier - my treat.I understand you've had a rough evening.  Your favorite team just blew it in the playoffs, and now you need to get your drunk ass home to drown your sorrows in more alcohol (or, let's be honest, probably just pass out... in your own puke).  I get it's frustrating to not get your way, and I get it sucks to look like a pathetic loser. But what I don't understand is your need to scream obscenities at the petite woman walking by you, who had absolutely nothing to do with the game or you not having a ride home.  Does that really make you feel more like a man?  Because, honestly, it just makes you look like a douche bag and I pity anyone who has to spend more than a few seconds in your presence.I just found out that you are still in the area.  I wasn't prepared for that.  I honestly expected you to be out of state, back with family.  None the less, I hope you and the girls are well.The holidays are coming up and the only thing that has been on my mind lately is you. I thought everything was going so well when we were together. Christmas will never be the same again without you. You're my great white buffalo, the one that got away. Maybe some day the universe will bring us together again. Until then, I miss everything about you.
BMaybe it was there when you first met him, maybe it never was, but it's definitely not there now.  You don't want to leave him, and you probably shouldn't, but there's still an emptiness inside of you.  You've talked to him about it, but nothing changes.  Can you live your life being 90% fulfilled?  Sure, that's about as good as most people could ask for, but why not strive for that extra 10%?  Maybe you need someone who listens to you.  Maybe you need someone to flirt with.  Maybe you're missing the passion, the butterflies in your stomach, the rapid beating of your heart when you're touched.  Perhaps you and I are the connection that was missed.  I'm in the same situation as you.  I don't want to leave, and neither do you, but that doesn't mean we should be unhappy.  I'd love to give you what you need, and maybe you can do the same for me.  That way we get to stay where we are, but we can still be as happy as we should be.you're a jerk anyway and dont deserve me. whata sad pathetic cruel man you are. bravo.You: Blonde beauty with a lions mane of hair, glasses, and a smile that could change a light bulb.
Me:  I want you to knead me hard, like a ball of uncooperative dough. Cover me in flour, pound me on the table, and then do some more kneading.
Afterwards, I will pour tomato sauce all over you and then I will make it rain sliced mushrooms, olives and artichoke hearts.
Finally, now that we're both all worked up, we will leap into bed, with the electric blankets already set to maximum heat, and make a sex pizza.Hey i am looking for a chick named sarah lomboy or sarah snider that plays disc golf at tbese two parks. If anybody knows where she works or lives or where to find her let me knowTo the cute guy that I spoke with in regards to the beef brisket. . .
I apparently missed a chance when speaking with you because (according to another lady in the store) you were flirting with me when we were talking, and I didn't realize it.
If this is true, hit me back and tell me which store we were at :)You come into the bistro I work at some Sundays, and you always get the croque monsieur, and during the spring and summer you rode a motorcycle. You were at my table today, and every time I serve you I feel like you're a little flirty. Anyway, I think you're incredibly handsome and I'd like to go out sometime if you're up for it. If you're up for it, just tell me where I work and what color my hair is, and we can set something up.Any clues as to whom this is regarding?  Does she know why you broke it off?  I personally have found it very difficult getting to know people on CL.I saw you Saturday night downtown once on 4th have in front of that hotel on your phone while I was walking by with a group of black girls and guy. I was the only white guy. I saw you again as I was leaving downtown at the bus stop where you sat near another girl. I didn't get the chance to say anything to you because my group was already too far ahead. You have dark curly hair, and such a pretty face. I must know you.Baby, come closer, closer to me. 
I want to feel your body next to mine. 
Touch me softly. 
Take your time. 
Kiss me slowly. 
Lover, you drive me out of my mind. 
Whispering words of intense desire. 
Feeling our passion turn into fire.
Two bodies become whole. 
You penetrate into my soul. 
My heart is home in your embrace. 
As we make love face to face. 
Time is no more
We exist in another place. 
Where nothing is but you and me.
One heart, one soul, one breath, one flesh. 
Joined together eternally. 
Oh, sweet baby, come closer to me. 
In your arms is where I need to be.
Special KTonight's class was really full and we were squeezed in close. Lucky me. You have a wonderful, stable energy that I really appreciated tonight. Thanks.You were such a great server for our party the other night. I couldn't stop stealing glances at you. Your dark hair with bangs. What I noticed was how you held your hands. Tall and so pretty. I wish I would have had the chance to talk to you more. Thanks. You're so cute.Alba things have changed and I hope I'm not too late to have that drink with you sometime. Please get in touch with me,
RandyGender socialization prevents many women from assessing a situation as simply as stated below. 
*******************
The post entitled: I do believe this man is on to something
"If he's not calling you, it's because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn't follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he's okay with disappointing you. Don't be with someone who doesn't do what they say they're going to do. If he's choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn't respect your feelings and needs. "Busy" is another word for "asshole." "Asshole" is another word for the guy you're dating. You deserve a fcking phone call." 
 Greg Behrendtwhat up im 32 white horny bottom. looking for a thick hung top to come to my house and dick me down the fill me wit cum....This is the OP:
Don't you worry, my friend. I expressed it and gave this guy plenty of room to behave better. Reasonably, open-endedly for the first two rounds to allow for a repair of things if that was in order, and then in writing and voice mail with clarity to finish it. You are making assumptions. Ask questions first rather than blast around based on the story line in your mind. In fact, there have been some notes from men wishing I was the woman they shit on, so they could repair it. No creepers, just guys wishing it was a message for them that might signal a woman they hurt who might let them approach and apologize. Those have been nice conversations. I hope they get their chances or make use of the insight they have gained. Sometimes we should post our crankiness without genders so that EVERYONE gets a chance to 1. think things over; 2. react viciously. Fun no matter what (grinning here). Anyway, there seem to be a few men who are in regretful status right now about having shit on someone in error and blown something they really wanted to follow up. That is one of the perks of this odd little corner of the world. If you ignore the busy bodies and the angry little people who jump on everything, you can while away a little time hearing from folks who are sorting their business.  Well, now, back to what I was doing. You enjoy!"If he's not calling you, it's because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn't follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he's okay with disappointing you. Don't be with someone who doesn't do what they say they're going to do. If he's choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn't respect your feelings and needs. "Busy" is another word for "asshole." "Asshole" is another word for the guy you're dating. You deserve a fcking phone call." 
 Greg BehrendtWell I looked for awhile tonight and did find a place you can get the shirt.  Shoot me a message and I will send you the link, be sure to tell me what you recommended for me to drink so I know it is you (was tasty btw).I am really attracted to this guy. His name is adrian and he is from Tualitan. Dropped him off at his house last night. Please e-mail meYou work in the cube next to me. It's driving me crazy. Your spicy laugh is driving me crazy. Will you fly away with me? I have a house I'd be happy for you to burn.Hey there. I'm just looking to make some new friends and have some fun conversations. Wanna chat?We work together.  We've talked a bit.  I really want to hang out with you outside of work, because there's never really time for that at work.The constant flirting and manipulation got really old.  I posted in strictly platonic for a reason.  Why can't you just be honest and not respond to platonic posts if what you really have in mind is romance?  You can't make someone like you.  Make a post of your own, being honest about you wanting a change in your life and something to spice it up.Du fehlst mir ganz viel.  Fehle ich Dir auch?
Liebe mich.
Bussi von Deiner ehemaliger FreundinThe guy who had an ad in Saturdays CL he had a degenerative condition with his back and was holding a small dog in the picture. Used a walker and crutches. Reply if it was you!!!! Want to contact you.It would appear your date's underwear missed the connection with his butt crack.We stood at the gas pumps and talked cars for awhile.  I appreciate the complement on what I was driving and we talked about the paint on your car.  I wish I'd have asked for your number. I was the guy in the white car....tell me the make so I know its you.First off, youre the only one who would really know why youre talking to someone. Maybe you care about their well being or still have feelings and are just hurt over what has happened. Second, since just off of basic info mind you, it is pretttty critical to say another girl is a tramp when a) you said he is or was married and went for others b) he lied to you maybe he lied to her and she wasnt aware accept for what he told her. (which sounds probable based off of your description.) 
Why did he have another girl move in? You say he is ok with just talking; was he trying to be physical with you and has since backed off? There are  number of factors, ultimately if he is still the same guy going for several people, chances are he'll see you as a fill in if he gets bored with one girl, or something along the lines of back burner, have your cake and eat it too saying goes.your  tall  and  bald  but  great  beard..... really  like  to  give  you  some  holiday  cheer.....I'll   rock your  damn  world     super  discrete  here     I  live  nearby....  very  generous   tooI wish you could see me now. You never gave me a chance. I realize the time was horrible.
Hope you are leading a happy life.hey  i came in today with a friend he was older an had his hair cut to but u took like 3 times as long on mine then anyone els u did i wanted to give u my number but didant really see a chance hope u see this oh an im zane but my last name was wrong at the barber placeTo Brittany Wolf orsomeone that may know her. Im an old friend trying to find you. Lost your number when my phone died. Tried other means to find you but can't. We met at the mall years ago, you were with your friend steph. If this is you or you know her pleaae contact me by writing back :).You were coming out as I was going in.........  You just happened to still be in the parking lot when I came out.  You live/were headed somewhere over by college st. but you went left when I went straight.  I could not find a business card fast enough at the light or I would have got you my number.....  I assure you I was not stalking just live on that side of town:).  You were wearing purple Dickie's pants, big dark glasses and driving a silver Honda.  If this sounds like you let me know.......  If this sounds like one of your friends let them know I am looking.I came in looking for a piano bench and found a pretty woman up front who is even more beautiful because she plays the keys. 
You can play the low register and i can play the high register of Rachmaninoff, i've heard he composes really easy songs ;)you've been coming to this laundromat for several years... today you held the door for me.
 Your taller then me but o so handsome!!
Hope u see this.So this is not a topic I want to discuss at this time with friends, and yes I have in the past and I want feed back from some one who just has basic facts. It was a marriage, he did a lot of lying and sneaking in relationships emotional or ? with others, I left him and took me almost 9-10 months and still in the process of recovering from the damage he caused. He ended moving some tramp in with him and that did not last then he went from woman to woman including one he was wining and dining in the past and he would try to get me to take him back and I did not. Now he is still actively trying to get me back, the physical relations are not happening and all of a sudden he is okay with just talking???hum, interesting.. my question, please tell me why am I still talking to him? And what does he want? he does have mental issues and NPD is a possibility, I am totality confused by what he is doing and why I am talking to him at all.Very nice..bearded guy blonde/brown hair tattoo on back..beautiful co k..thanks for showing..up for any play? Please let me knowYou were the goth girl, I was the big beard and big hat guy.
I got the impression that you were there with a sugar daddy type of guy.  I liked your voice as much as your beautiful face.  If you're interested in upgrading to a better sugar daddy, kindly reply.I don't post these, but I'm not sure how else to get ahold of you so here goes nothing! 
Early this afternoon at 24 hr I didn't see the out of order sign on the tricep machine, and you pointed it out to me. You are so handsome! That smile of yours had me all starry eyed and tripping over my words, but you were sweet about it. 
If you're up for it lets grab drinks sometime. Reply with a pic or some detail about our run-in so I know it's actually you. :)Baesils my love.  We have our ups and downs and through it all I love you.  That is the one constant in my life is you and the feelings that I have for you.  We have worked through hardships and pain to come to where we are today.  I fall asleep at night and dream of the love that I have for you and the love that we will continue to have until the day I leave this chaotic world.  We will have our 60 years baesils because we are stubborn people who believe in love.  We believe in the love we have for each other.  Mostly I think we will have our 60 years just to torment each other with our tricks and teases.  I love forward to being the cutest old couple ever.  Holding hands and pinching your butt and making our kids, and grandkid's embarrassed to be around us.  Necking in public and cuddling in private.  When I am next to you I am mighty and powerful but without you I am a shell of a man.  You are my better half and when I am with you I am whole.  So we walk, hand in hand, through the jungle of our respective realities until we come to the moment of clarity.  Until we marry, until we travel, until we have kids, and until we grow old I will be right here, next to you.  Lifting you up and putting us ahead of everything else.  I love you my weake knees forever and ever and always and after.
cici.....
No, it is not ideal that your boyfriend is checking your phone messages. It means that he does not trust you completely or absolutely. 
However...You sound just as bad as him, maybe worse. You start speculating that because you are not cheating or hiding anything that he must be projecting because of his own guilty conscience?! Therefor HE must be the cheater if he is looking at your phone?
Grow the fuck up. No wonder he is checking your messages and wondering if something is up. You are working yourself up and creating a bigger problem than there needs to be.
Yes, it sucks and is a violation that he read your messages. No, it does not mean he has a guilty conscience or is cheating on you. There is no correlation. It does not even sound like your boyfriend has made any assumptions or accusations, he was just CHECKING. You on the other hand go from him reading your messages to assuming that he must be cheating on you.....its ridiculous. If this is a pattern seen elsewhere in your reactions then no wonder you are string his anxiety enough to want to know what the fuck is going on and why you are acting so strange. 
How about this....instead of assuming that he must be the one doing something behind your back, why not sit down and have a talk with each other about trust and what it is going to take for both of you to feel safe without needing to be paranoid or checking each others messages? Dont fight! You want to find a mutual solution, not be "right" or defensive or even protect yourself. You want to heal and healing requires that we make ourselves vulnerable. 
Good luck and I hope it works out for you if you really love each other. Stop making assumptions about why people do the things they do. Try asking them.If you are horny straight or bi and 20-35 and want an awesome blowjob by a clean ddf older guy reply with description and picture and let me know you are drug and disease free.  I'll deepthroat your cock to completion.  Just an excellent blow and go.  You host.How is posting on Craigslist good manners?
this is what its come to ey? an entire society so frightened of their own shadows they cant even express themselves to the person to whom they need to express themselves. This is sad people...Stop . Close your eyes. You will feel me as strong as you ever have. Stronger now, you say? 
Perhaps absence does make the love stronger. I feel you swirl around me and with me everyday. I will never see you again but I will always belong to you. I still have " the token" you gave me. I have to smile through my tears when I listen to Maroon Five. I will always remember listening to them with you, just laughing, you driving, drawing my heart in closer. Red and blue will always remind me of you. 
The knife you so suddenly and easily stabbed in my heart will forever remind me that love can endure all. Even that. Your eagles will guide you. My Wolf will watch over me, as always. Thank you for that enlightenment.We made eye contact while doing cardio, I seen you again in the sauna and showers and you were in the elevator as I headed out and you smiled. Your car is white. Would enjoy seeing you again.  If you see this say hello and tell me something about me.  Hope to here from you or see you again soon.Beautiful woman with reddish hair and a lot of tattoos wearing a blackish dress, member of a large party of people sitting near bar.
I'm probably crazy but the eye contact at the bar as I was closing my tab seemed to be something. I would've said hello but I had to drive my friend home right then.Lou Reed's Perfect Day
Glad I could help make your day be better.
I know it is a long shot but if you see this please email me.We didn't meet until the very end of the night, after they'd kicked everyone out. We chatted briefly outside and then your friend pulled you away. I'm an ass for not having gotten your number.We fell in love with our hearts open and on fire..You made my life happy and complete, the times we shared in Santa Barbara were caring loving crazy exploring all new things about each other, the little cafe upstairs with the open fire with us sitting on the couch loving teasing and not caring about what anyone thought we were in our world.. Oh my the drives we had the reckless fun with each other my heart aches and eyes tear up thinking about you.  
The presence the thought touch ache for us to be in each other's arms.... we didn't need the Neon lights of the strip in Vegas to set our destiny for the weekend.... we slept in late rolled around in bed... who cared... that was what we wanted... We strolled around away from all the glitter not even thinking about the strip and had a wonderful breakfast at a cute cafe that love having your favorite little 4 legged guy around.. we had such a wonderful dinner at the French, Italian restaurant that the owner sat with us and talked about his life in NY and in France and how he loved animals.. 
Our Weekend getaways to the beaches, on the way home...broad day light in an Orchards field.. we were daring we were in love, I miss seeing you sleep on a pillow beside me...Yes i awoke you at times because my passion would take over and I wanted you in my arms.  I miss you..
We had a wonderful weekend in Sisters, talked about us, we stopped and had fun throwing snowballs at each other snuggling and kissing like we always do, we were very happy and we started making plans for OUR life the life that every man dreams when he finds that girl the one he places on a Pedestal way above any other.  my dream of having my one true love ...
You have made such a difference in my life with all the memories that i want you back in my arms in my life.  I didn't realize when we were having our silent times with each other how much I loved you... You've made such a great impression with my son, you changed his life in many ways that you have no idea.  I was on vacation at a beautiful beach over the week and realized more than ever how much I miss you.
Im not sure toward the end of silence who broke up with who... we were stuborn in our own separate way not giving an inch.. being silent.. I was so wrong with not communicating too you how much you mean to me realizing how much I loved you.  I always said we can solve everything together if we only communnicated.   We were together over a year and the few months that we have been away from each other feels like an eternity.
I miss you very much...I ran into you at about 1am on Saturday night. You had dark brown hair and your name was Forest. We talked for a bit before I had to leave. Wanted to get your number but I let you walk away... Hope you see this.You-Asian cute tall Me- Latino met last night your remembered my name starts with an A hit me up if your interested.To the guy working behind the bar last night (11/23), with the tight blue shirt.
Something about you was intriguing, I do not know what it is.  I am probably not your type, but it doesn't hurt to try.  Would have liked for you to have served me so I could have started a conversation but that never happened.  Weird thing though, our eyes locked for a second...  I do not what that means..? 
so, I am writing this in hopes you see it.  Maybe we should get connected and have a beer?your defiantly a MILF. If I thought you were the cheating type I would have made a move on you already.We fell in love a few years ago and got together almost nine months ago. I thought you one of the most compassionate, caring, honest, passionate and intelligent women I have ever met. Lately you show not of those traits and haven't for quite a while. In recent days you have treated me and members of your family horribly. You have abandon your own son and left me to deal with him and what he is going thru, showing no regard for either of us. I will gladly be here for him as I care about you, him and your whole family. That's the kind of guy I am.
You have told me about the many regrets you have for the way have screwed up your older children, that's hard for me to believe. You are going back to your old ways, the ways that did so much damage to them. You are destine to screw up the young ones the same as you did the older ones if you continue down the path you are on. I am fearful for what you will put them thru and the damage you will do to them. You always say how important they are to you but your actions do not reflect that.
You told me you loved me and wanted to marry me. You lied! You do not treat people you love the way you have treated me. I was never anything more than an ATM machine to you and see that clearly now. You'd rather be with your meth head ex who got you evicted from your last home and will do the same with this one, sucks to be you.
I feel very sorry for you and pitty you. It seems as though you love to be miserable and have your mind set on living life in misery. I know that somewhere inside of you is the woman I fell in love with and I hope you get yourself back together and let her out again. The person you are now is a very ugly person, you are not right in the head. In your own mind you have painted be a monster so you can justify the way you have treated me.
I have loved you thru everything. I have care for your children as if they are my own. I am taking care of YOUR son and helping him get his life on track while you have abandon him. I am very concerned about your emotional well being right now and so are many in your family. We all hope you get the help you need. You are not acting like yourself, you  are making bad choices for yourself and the young ones. We are all scared for you except for the ones that are enabling you and not questioning your actions and choices.
JBHi Scott, my best friend bought what you're selling this week, and we got to talk a bit and stuff and i find you so dam intriguing and want to get to know you better, be friends, workout buds, whatever, just wanna hang out with you, i think you're so nice and sexy! Don't know if you swing my way, and don't really care, just like being around you.  Hope you see this and reply, i think you will know who this is. I live in vancouver. You are just the hottest guy i know!So this is not a missed connection but I really need some advise! I've been dating this man since July. We made it official that we are in a relationship about a month ago and I do love him very much. But recently he has been checking my phone. I have caught him several times! I find it funny because I'm innocent. I would never cheat on him or lie to him about who I am talking to. So I figured he is most likely feeling guilty about something. So I am looking for advise from a guys perspective. Girls I need your advise also! 
Here is the rest of the story. Since he kept going through my phone I figured I went through his. I did not like what I seen but most of what I seen was before we made it official. So should I be upset? Or let it go? I've kinda let it go but its in my damn head now! LolI've thought of you off and on. I know at times you can be a internet troll and have wondered do you look at the missed connections? So I thought why not post something here and see. I think of where I went wrong with us and it wasn't feeling love for you but imagining it could be more. Really wanting it so badly to be more when I knew it couldn't be. Had I just keep it friendly, we would still be talking but I allowed it to go into this gray area where feelings got hurt and the friendship forever altered. After the year of no talking, when we reconnected I didn't feel right talking to Despite what we did and how we felt while I was married, I oddly felt wrong even being friendly with you knowing our past, while you now had someone in your life and a baby. I still think of you, think of all the laughter, of the funny things we shared, the vacations that were our secret meet ups and my general enjoyment being around you. I really loved you and still do really, you were a great friend to have and I miss the laughter and you. If you should stumble across this, know I appreciated every moment we shared. Sorry I couldn't be more clear with my intentions but I was working on emotion only not logic, you were one of the greatest encounters I've had in so many ways. I truly wish you much more happiness than you are already receiving, you sir are awesome.I know this may be a long shot, but here we go. 
So last night/this morning, we were both at Maguffy's, and you came up to the bar, chatted for a minute, and then I let you taste my drink. When you tasted it, you said it taste like Christmas. Well, you went back to playing pool. 
After a while, you came back to the bar, and we talked some more, and talked about where you live and what you like doing. 
If you happen to find this, I would love to meet up again and talk to you.I said something to my friend about you being small or something... Can't remember the exact words. 
You then came up to me, we chatted, gave eachother an awesome hug and then a little kiss and parted ways.   
Was it as memorable for you?!?
-tall, bearded guywe spoke french! I forgot the name of the bar you mentioned! lets go to a pub in portland?!Do I really think your leaving? Did you really fall asleep? Is there an excuse for everything? Did her mom even die? If its perfecr but the wrong time wouldnt we work for more. Wouldnt you make time to see me. You have no idea t.w. whay you have made me feel. I am owed a hige appology and the whole truth. Im so sad that I cant have my fairy tale kiss one last time because its in yoir field and you are just holding onto the ball. Thanks for the tears.That was a really ugly note you sent. You attacked someone for sucking you off on a first date? As if she is a slut and you are not? But something strange, if this person you are attacking sucked you off on a first date, aren't you also part of the equation? Assuming that it WAS you on that date. So it puzzles me why you would send the person who accepted your cock in their mouth hate mail! Sounds to me like maybe you just did not get another chance or treated a moment of easy mutual pleasure in a rude or unappreciatin way. The best part of this is that your screen name is No Strings Attached. That one is pretty open to interpretation, certainly in relation to the subject at hand! Anyway, by logic, if you don't put your cock in someone's mouth, you won't have anyone to call a slut! Consternation solve.You saved me from being crushed in the front row, and got me a guitar pick. It ment so much to me. I wish I got your number, I could always use another good person in my life. Plus you where pretty hot too.Hey man you just started working with me and I think your pretty cute I am bad with names so I keep asking what yours is.  I would be interested in getting to know you better if you are on here hit me up.You have bad manners. 
I can tell you why you can't seem to find "a girl like me".
Because of your extraordinarily bad manners.
Grow up, asshole.I'm not trying to play cruel jokes, harass,  or stock. 
I put what I feel . Take it how ever you need. 
You come at me so many ways its hard to explain myself. 
( keep it simple stupid)  :) Do we need a meetiator?? 
This has put me in danger. And it needs to stop. 
   Have not lied . So quit saying different until u got 
Proof.   Nobody should get hundreds of posts.
           Talk about unusual punishment 
 If there's something you really want to say. Then lets
Do it right .  Anything less feels like a plan by design.
 Organized !      And you better not be involed ! 
  Get mariage counseling . Go to church.  Most importantly
Loose your best friend .         
 I'm not against YOU!   But it is your fault .You:  attractive alterna-guy with tats and silvery hair, eating with family?  Me:  nice girl with glasses, eating with family.  
Were you smiling at someone at the end of your table?  Or at me?  You should have said hi.It did not feel good, ow, why did you do that? I like you but not as much when you punch me. Reply with where you punched me.. well in the stomach obviously, but I mean the place we were at, haha. I'm sure I'll see you soon either way.You: bartender named Trip, with a charming everything
Me: real cute girl
I run into you at various bars while you're working, then i come back and you're gone. You're like a unicorn. Where the hell do you actually work??
 <3 your fansI feel like I'm waiting in vain for you! am I just waiting for my life to be over before you come back? That's what this feels like! It took me a long time to find you so why would I want to lose you? Is it to find you again only to call you a friend? Is that how this book ends? Never getting a chance to love you romanticly? I hope you know I'm not the one that wants to hurt you... I just want to love you for all that you are! More then just friends more then just romanticly! I want to be both your friend and your lover and I want you to also be my friend and lover! I'm kinda hopeless right now. Hopeless in thinking if, when and where we're going to meet again!? Is it going to be hear in Portland or some other place? All I know is next time I'm going to stay with you instead of giving chance to loseing a connection with you! All I know is I don't want to live with out you!    
V.S.
I'm greatful for meeting you and speding the time we spent together and I look forword to seeing you again miss regeana;-) much love!You were driving behind me at first then next to me on farmington rd. You probably didn't notice me but you were sexy with tattoos. If you read this reply with what color your car was...Stared at your Nike's and gave you a ride from Willow Creek. Wish I hadn't been so shy...I hope to run into you on the MAX again. And maybe I have a thing for old Nike's... :-)I saw you working in the mall earlier this week with the cutest purple toes and I can't stop thinking about how beautiful they were - I wanted to say something but alas was too shy...
If your feet are sore, I would love to give them a massage :-)  But if it was only to show off, it worked!I asked you about playing black ops online, and you commented on my Tardis sweater. We talked games, and Doctor Who. I said my favorite Doctor was the 9th, you said you didn't want any more attractive Doctors, and Donna Doctor rocks. We were talking, but another customer came into our conversation so I went home to play XCOM. You seemed pretty awesome, I would love to watch Doctor Who, make food, and get to know ya better. Seems like a long shot that you would read this, but who knows. The Shadow knows.we recently ran into each other after about a year or two ...strange seeing you in walmart , you said I looked great .Later that eve , we watched a movie at your place ..(i just couldn't shake how strange i felt around you, thats why i didnt make a "pass" at you that night) .do you know me yet?
we had an off and on relationship for a few years , still the best sex of my life , you always called me "amazing'...i miss that
However , even though I fell -really- madly in love with you , and probably still could be ... we , together were Flame hot or Ice cold , never just a comfortable temp.
seeing you again brought up all the old memories of lots of bad times for me and even though I miss the Flame hot love we shared , i cannot expose myself to your cold , seemingly devious, Ice cold .... the owl told me, or warned me of "clandestine affairs" long ago
I lost your phone number on purpose , as i cannot go backwards and there are too many way painful memories with you ,
You are awesome in my memories and thats where i want you to stay . much love , missin you but not willing to return ... Your "ad" man , enjoy the commercialI was coming in with my kids and you were leaving with yours.
You caught my eye and apparently I caught yours.  I think it was around 630.  I kept looking back to see if you were looking at me and you were.  I wish I would have said more than hi.No longer a potentially-missed connection!
Yay for you, yay for me.
I'm excited!
I'm sooooo excited!
Soon!sooo ya im gonna put this out there like this i was starting to dig on u just over this short time as of today i realized u really werent interested in me at all an was just tryin to work the cheap tattoo angle lol all u had to do was b honest  an im sure we coulda worked somethin out but now im kinda but hurt  shit last night u feed me a whole story  that got me allllll excited for nothin  but ya u were honest bout everthing else but that   hhhhhhmmmmmmmmm  ya have fun with ur off an on bf and take it easy i guess ill see u wens no matter what for ur tat but i doubt ull see this     i never shoulda got my hopes up lol an dam after my almost gettin caught yesterday haha u know what im talkin bout haha im just ranting now im a li but hurtYou're nice looking woman of color and I Am a white guy saw you about 3:00 today. We made eye contact a few times, didn't approach you, but wish I had.
                         .....Jameswe were both up late.. we met in the chatroom of that herpes dating site clubhpdx.com 
we talked about dexter and walking dead.. i thought we had a fun conversation..
it's been a few days, and you never logged back in.. if you're still down for hanging out sometime,
hit me up... just so i know it's you... what was my favorite movie??Hi so we ran into each other you walked by said hi and thanked me. If you see this hit me up tell me what you thanked me for and my name if you remember it. So I know its you.You are the cutest employee in the store with your slim body and fierce tie. I have a build like yours. If you swing towards guys and want some video games in the nude, let me know. I would be at the store all night if there weren't customers behind meI know thats not your name, but thats what I say every time I see you. I'd have to be blind not to see that NICE buldge in your gym shorts. Wanted to give you a hanny when you were sitting in your car last night. I know you're str8, but maybe you like a hot mouth on the side once in while ? You know where I live. Drop by sometime and say .....'I was just in the neighborhood.' I'll do the rest. No one will know.Hollywood District about early Saturday afternoon.  I was in line behind you.  You smiled.  I finished and you gave me a discrete signal to follow you.  I didn't know they had a restroom there!  I like what you showed me and would have enjoyed going down on you, but I didn't feel comfortable in there.  We played follow the leader a little bit longer, stopping at a window at a vintage shop.  We both commented on the ugly Christmas sweater in the window.  Interested in trying again someplace a little more private?Grrrrr...We met at lovecraft last night and we were going to head back to my place but it seems that was a failed plan? 
Where were we headed? Wish you could have come home with me...Here's a long shot, but my only hope. I was in there Thursday night. You have a goatee, in a rubber band. You seem to be a regular in there. We made eye contact several times, and you even said hello when I was coming in from outside. I really wish I would have talked to you more. If you're out there, hit me up.You were watching the Blazer game with your friend. You had blonde hair and were extremely beautiful. I was with a group of friends. I think we glanced at each other a few time, wish I would have talked to you.I see you M-Thurs at the same time, we've said hello but I would like to workout with you at the club. We look at each other but I'd like to chat with you.  We both drive trucks. Anyways, see you at the club.You were working Saturday night. You were very beautiful and so friendly. Had a slight accent I could not place. Would have loved to have stayed and talked more. You won't see this but in the slim chance you do email me. Tell me something about our conversation.I saw you today around 4 you're tall with a well groomed beard, and a jean jacket. I wanted to tell you how attracted I was to you, but didn't muster up the courage. 
If you see this tell me the 1st thing you did when you walked in the door.beautiful redhead just saw you there about 415. you looked Christmas decorations then disappeared I so want to talk to you but I was looking like Saturday grubby. hope you see this maybe we can text then go for a drink or something.You helped me today buy some jeans. You were super nice and thought we made a little connection. You commented that we almost have the same email address.... Would like to meet up.....You make my insides warm and tingly. I can't help the way I feel anymore... is there anything you can prescribe me to help me stop thinking about you?
RThat is twice this week alone! Driving along FV Rd and now today again near the park. My head is still weaker than my heart. xoxo SWe were both shopping in Fred Meyer off of 102nd; you had a little boy with you (your son?) and you were wearing glasses and had a beanie on. I was the girl with a shaved head, I had brown boots on and was wearing a black trench coat. 
I wanted to go back into the store after that last lingering glance at the check out but I just couldn't muster the courage. 
I thought maybe you might look at this...If you are, please get in touch with me... I would love to introduce myself -- saw your picture/post in Christian Mingle.  
If you happen to know this lady, I would appreciate you let her know about this post.So, I really regret not joining you that Sunday. When I finally woke up and checked the score it was almost halftime, and the QB situation was just too depressing. Unfortunately, I think you mistook my absence for rejection, which isn't the case at all. Now I keep wandering in to your work hoping to grab another smoke with you, but you're always so slammed that I just end up staying too long, drinking too much, and making an ass of myself. I think you've figured out by now that my life is kinda complicated, or maybe you aren't at all interested, I don't know. Anyway, now you've got me totally flustered, and I'd like the opportunity to at least tell you my story and maybe forge a friendship. Hopefully you see this, otherwise I'll probably just keep popping in and being a douche, hoping to eventually catch you alone.This was a few weeks ago...but You walked in with a friend.  You were in a skirt...boots...was wearing glasses.
I saw you get bbq sauce all over your face.  When you realized I was watching you blushed and smiled.
I couldn't stop staring.  I am sorry. You caught my eye.
Lunch sometime ay yhe bbq plsce in north portland?Looking for an old friend whom I connected with in community college.  Thought I saw you around recently.  Your older sister Debbie whom I haven't seen in years lived in portland and your younger sister lived in vancouver at home still.
If anyone knows the Samec (maiden name) please let her know she has a post here.  I would like to catch up sometime.  
Thank you much.A lot of people are responding, trying to find out who I am, and it's a little unnerving. I'm looking for a specific person through missed connections and when I tell him that I'm on here in a couple days he will know to look at my posts, at which point--if he likes the idea and has time--I can meet him for tea and finally get to know him in a neutral environment. In the meantime, I am sorry for any confusion. Please don't read too much into my posts! I really doubt he visits CL often as he appears to be a workaholic.I hope its not my imagination that every time I see you we are both thinking how much we enjoy talking to and looking at each other and how we wish it could go on longer.
Every time I see you I seem to find myself stumbling over my compliments to you. I honestly think you're delightful and while I'm definitely trying to flirt with you the complements are genuine. 
If you would like to get a bite to eat sometime, tell me something I've said or otherwise identify me?Anyone personally know the name of a removal technician (removes the deceased from where they passed and transports them to funeral homes)? He works for up to 8 funeral homes in the area. He has light red or blonde hair. Age is 18-35 I believe. Has a wife and daughter. I had previously met this person for business reasons, forgot his name.To the blonde cop who smiled at me (white car) while turning onto NE 47th at around 2:00 today, let's get coffee!So I was behind you in a Camaro merging (well, trying to, crazy congestion) and even just being able to see 2/5ths of your face in your side mirror I could tell you were super hot lol. Had a pink knit cap on (from what I could tell).
Hope you made it safely to wherever you were headed.I was wearing a grey no hood sweatshirt. Brown blackish hair and beard and hand tattoos.
You were sitting in a booth but in a chair, the booth closer to the bar. I think you had a whiskey and a pint of  beer. You were sitting with at least 5 people, you had medium length black/brown hair, a striped long sleeve shirt. 
I was chicken shit to ask you out or give you my number. 
So here's a long shot. 
Hope this does the trick but CL is weird. 
Try me.I have no idea if you are in a relationship or not, but I love Northern Italian food.  Liked the hat and that we arrived in Portland the same month -- July.  I know your name and hair color so please respond with that information.   I know we only talked for a few minutes, but I thought I would give this a try.  I also told you where I worked.  
I hope I gave enough clues to meet you again without giving you away.Does anything you say not =BS? Hide behind those excuses to run from your own sins. If there was any mental illness it came from your decepttt8ns. Lies =lies from you. 
Stand for the truth and tell it. Be honest for bloody once.You were in the booth next to me, and you had me lick your ass through your floral panties.  I also sucked your balls.  You have a huge cock!  Then I came into your booth and licked your ass and sucked your balls some more.  I'd like to meet again!  The panties were a huge turn on, and I'd like the opportunity to get at that huge cock!We were staring at each other through the crowd starting early in the night, and all night. We had an interaction on the stairs after the show, but the crowd was thick and we didn't get a chance to talk.  Now I'm kicking myself.  Please get ahold of me.Sorry folks, that post was for a specific person and he will know when he sees it. But I did appreciate reading your responses.This is such a long shot ...
We sat a couple seats apart from one another and we made eye-contact a couple times. You were wearing a plaid shirt, vest and a belt buckle. 
I couldn't tell if you were dating the girl you were with so I didn't say anything. 
Contact me if you read this :)I feel like a loser posting this but I am so curious about you. The minute I saw you my mouth dropped due to your looks. But I would like to know more. You were at the snowboard hall in the main room at a kiosk with computers. 
There is no chance you will read this but wanted to let you know I checked you out. 
I'm an attractive stocky Latino wanting to know more.You were very cute and funny.  I know you couldn't play while you were working, but maybe we could when you aren't.Last night was awesome!  Let's reconnect.  Just tell me where we met so I know it's you
GregThanks for the ride home, unfortunately my drunken brain cant remember your name.  We should hang out again, I wont be as drunk this time...promise.your dad took me out to a "food cart' WHEN i was little what did he buy me? please contact me...Looking for Pedro Diaz from nayarit mex around 41 yo If u know of him let me know he used to work outside of Wilsonville and live in CorneliusI WAS AT A CLASS REUNION ON AUGUST 17 ,2013 ... BEAUTIFUL GIRL CAME UP TO A FRIEND AND I. BOUGHT US A DRINK WITH A PINK AND GREEN STRAW. SHE WAS A SHORT LITTLE THING BUT DAMN SHE WAS GORGEOUS. I COULDNT GET HER OUT OF MY HEAD FOR WEEKS . OBVIOUSLY STILL LURKING AROUND UP THERE.IT WOULD HAVE BEEN LATE BACK IN THE BAR AROUND MIDNIGHT. SHE WAS WITH A FEW FRIENDS. REGRET NOT GETTING FURTHER INFORMATION. LONG BROWN HAIR AND CUTE AS A BUTTON. I HAD THAT INSTANT ATTRACTION BUT RESPECTFULLY SAW HER WITH SOMEONE, SO DECLINED THE OPPORTUNITY. NEVER AGAIN.IF ANYONE READS THIS POST AND CAN TELL ME IF THERE IS ANY MEANING BEHIND THE PINK AND GREEN STRAW THAT WOULD BE COOL!!! HAVE BEEN OUT OF THE LOOP FOR A TIME..It was good to see you again.  To bad you have Monday off when I have to come back.  I think it's been 2 years since I ran into you there.  Not sure if you remembered me or if your always just that nice.  Anyway posting here to tell you I think your adorable, even if were both married.  Hope to see your smiling face again :-)I doubt you'll see this, but I'll vent it anyhow. You are unbelievable... Good seeing you at Safeway today. You know, your brother painted my house recently. We were a FAMILY at one point. Now you can't even smile or say hello. Unfortunate it's so easy to pretend that we're just strangers on the street. C'est la vie. I could tell that you weren't in a good way today though. You looked like the day I found her calling your phone under the name "future wife." Rough. Distant. Shaggy. Maybe the grass truly is only greener where you water it. Sorry if you found out the hard way. Truly. I did everything I could for the longest time. Through dishonesty, unemployment and your mental breakdown. And you said it was important. I believed you. You said if nothing else, we'd always be friends. Because you couldn't go on if we weren't. Look at you, "going on" and all. Such a fool in love was I. Or perhaps, such a fool in love are you.. I'd say I'm past it, for the most part. 4 years is a long time ago. Just another unfortunate lesson. A lot of people say a lot of things. How are we ever to trust them? To believe they won't abandon us? I'd rather be a fool than cold hearted, but boy it isn't easy. I'd rather prove to someone, anyone, that yes, good hearted, dedicated people do exist. I partially have you to thank for my amazing friendships now and the people who know they can depend on me because I choose to NEVER be like you. I have a hard time choosing to believe it was all a sham, but I've been told I often can't see the forest for the trees. Perhaps it's time. I had a lot of faith in you at one point. Faith? Remember that? And Bravery... What figments of imagination... I don't believe anyone is hopeless however. I know the good is there. I truly hope things get better for you. One day.
"I was so young, you should have known better than to lean on me..."sometimes... posting song lyrics are not vague to the person they are meant for.Foi voc quem me ensinou
A ouvir
Foi voc que soube achar isso em mim
Sem te ver
No sei mais o que sentir
S ouvindo aquele espao ali
Lonely, lonely
Todo dia te sinto
E fico pensando que voc pode at me ouvir
(Bis)
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonelyHey my Irish friend.  It was great chatting with you last weekend.
If you want a b-j just ask; being blunt about it is fine with me....I opened the razor case for you and tried to look busy while you made your decision. You we're all covered up, but had lots of visible tattoos. I think you're really cute and think you should come in again...Email me through craigslist if you would like to meet for tea.
I promise it won't shrink you, nor will it swell you to giant proportion. 
You're very adorable.Then you should come by... I would like to get to know you better. besides what better do you have to do?You were with two girlfriends at the end of the room playing pool. Just breathtakingly gorgeous, I couldn't stop staring. I hope you know you're beautiful.The person I am looking for was born in 1982 and her father's name is Keith, brother Kyle.
I knew you over a dozen years ago, but have always wondered what happened to you.  Damn how I loved you!  I sure hope that things turned out well for you, that life gas been good.
Would really like to hear SOMETHING from you.
RandyWe met and Danced briefly, love the way you undid my cowboy jacket.
your name is Sage and I have been looking for you ever since.  Would love to have a conversation and see if we have more mutual interests.M(aria?) - 
hey, i'm pretty sure the missed connection you posted is about me? i sent an email replying to the post but i dunno how good craigslist is about forwarding those things to people. anyway, i haven't been stopping by as often because i'm super broke, but if you'd wanna hang out and chat some time, that'd be rad! send an email reply to this post saying where you work and i'll tell you what i always order so you know i'm not secretly a goblin or something.
- AdrianWe had a few fun times together while you were visiting from the east coast. I lost your number and wish we got to say goodbye.I really liked the funny thing you did with your eyes and your hand shake was very warming too. Maybe I will see you again, soon hopefully.My favorite store clerk. I know when i see you my day gets better n i wish we could take our friendship  out of the store. Hope you read this and you guess who i am so we can go from here.  Have a great day n ill see you again soon.Shoulder length black hair, jacket, pants, boots, and what looked like a coral color shirt. I believe you are a single mother because I didn't see a ring on. But maybe you didn't put it on, I could be wrong. You brought your kid to the discovery Friday thing they had going on. I saw you constantly looking at me every few seconds. Let me know what I was wearing and I'll let you know if you're correct :).I was there around 7:30 grabbing some dinner with my folks. We kept smiling at each other, wish I woulda got your number.So I logged into GOOGLE tonight & played the Dr. WHO game to completion.   Not a bad score I might ad.  Finished in under 17 minutes!
Anyway,  The point is I thought of you..   I didn't even know WHO that Dr. was until meeting you friend.
I sure hope you are well WHO ever you are with & WHAT ever you are doing now.
Sometimes such a short period of time can have a profound affect on a person's life.   I guess until the time traveler is invented one will never know what could have happened.
I hope you get a chance to see the google game WHERE ever you are.   It will make you smile.I wanted to say hi but I couldn't tell if the guy at your table was "with" you. If not, hopefully you see this. I'd love the opportunity to talk with you.  
- From the guy at the table in front of you.I see you at the games all the time  and tonight you sat at center ice front row.  You have a smoking body and love the red shoes on you.  I would love to have my way with you.We were both picking up food to go at Acropolis tonight. We made some small talk about the weather and California. You told me you live by the Sandy river.
I wanted to ask for your phone number but chickened out. If you're single, I would love to buy you a drink. Tell me what you were wearing so I know it's you.You: bearded man working for the catering company
Me: awkward, high class prostitute looking lady, who's face probably always blushed when we met eyes. 
I wanted to slip you my number on a napkin as you were taking them, but became too nervous and didn't follow thru; I didn't want to be turned down because you were gay (you may or may not have been).
Hopefully I'll see you around ;)I think about you too...please, if you think of me when your driving, drive over here.........(Soap opera voice) You were working at America's Tires, and drove my car up to the front after it got fixed. I was wearing a blue scarf. You were not. I was mortified that someone so attractive saw the messy inside of my vehicle, but you didn't seem to care. We had some small talk about our days, and me being a woman. We high fived as I said, "Good work team." After I drove away, I was kicking myself for not saying something slightly more forward but funny enough to where you wouldn't get offended. "Keep up the good work on the handsome department", perhaps. But then what would I do after that? Would that be what I would say directly before driving off? Would I awkwardly yell it out my window? That's counterproductive. And I didn't want to ask for your information in case it was against company policy. Or whatever. So here you go, handsome kind-of-baby-face-maybe-you-should-grow-a-beard-if-you-can-I-think-it-might-look-nice-but-if-not-that's-cool-too-you're-still-gorgeous-I'm-just-warming-up-to-beards-more-lately-haha-no-pun-intended man.... here is where I say, I'm not going re-puncture my tire just to see you again, but we should see each other again. 
PS. I drive a Volvo. Station wagon. Roomy back seat. Just sayin'.You texted me a simple "hi" a couple weeks back, and I deleted it instead of responding. Should have said "hi" but fucked up and deleted. Doubt if you will see this, but I had to try....I would have done anything for you. Anything. I will never understand. I went out of my way to do what you needed when you asked. You say you love me and want me but you seem to have decided I'm not enough. I miss you.This is probably a long shot.  You are mwm, probably mid 30's.  Find you amazingly hot.  I'm older, we say hi all the time see you usually around 1130.  You caught my eye on the basketball court the first time.  Don't know if you would have any interest in a discrete encounter, safe play only.  Maybe just lend a hand.  First time we met, working out next to each other and you asked me a question.  What was it so I know it is you.I see you almost every day. You are quiet, but intriguing. I'd love to talk more when we both aren't working. I feel silly posting, but you never know. You asked my name, what is it?To J.F.:  Towards the end of the day at work, the yellow toner cartridge went out and u asked me for help in replacing it.  I handed you the toner cartridge and said "show me how it's done."  I made a sarcastic comment, and you held the used cartridge up, like a penis, slowly moving it towards me..I would gladly show you what I can do with large things.  Give my name and where I work so I know its you..put the words "big tube" in subject line so I know its you..We chatted a bit before the show and I bought you a beer.  You went to go find your friends you came with, but I was hoping I'd see you again.  When I saw you at the end of the show, I thought I'd get a chance to talk to you some more, but you appeared to be with a gentleman who didn't look too happy when I said hello again.  Word through the grapevine is he was your boyfriend, but you seemed to want to talk more too.  Maybe you are in an unhappy relationship?  I'd love to see you again.  I hope you read this and I'm not wrong that you were as interested in me as I was in you.Two girls sitting in a car. I parked next to you and picked up a pizza at Dominos. You two kept eying me and laughing about something. I was wearing a black coat and I have semi-long hair. What's up?What color is,was you're car?
Possibilities are endless.
So many people spent time in cars for extra curricular activities. 
Some hints,locations?Went into Peeps2 around 2:00 or so today (Friday). Saw you there, younger reddish hair with a beard; me--brown hair with grey in my beard. We walked past each other a couple times and both looked interested, but the booths were full. Finally they cleared out and we went into the glory hole booths. Beautiful cock man; I enjoyed sucking you off and would definitely love to do it again. 
Let me know if you're heading by there again.hey will
mike here
been looking for you to stop by BK at lunch 
will be there this weekend
if you see this stop on around 1230Are you kidding? Then who are you saying that about? I do agree, it is very childish, and destroying relationships is a fallout of the same kind of behavior. You need to reanalyze what is being said and who that is being said to, the behavior is despicable, that's why defense is needed. Is it not just severe hypocrisy? Verbally warning someone of making verbal communications, in states of far past needed defense, while those same people(specifics) make actions, to ensure severe emotional, life and relationship destruction. You should post those things when someone occurs real life damage. 
It's actually extremely illegal..
So?I had on blue jeans and a blue shirt.
You came into the room
and you made my eyes burn.
I was sitting on the couch
When you walked through the door
I got nervous 
could've dropped my coffee
on the floor
Something in your eyes 
when they met mine
made me wish I had the courage
to give you more-
than a smile.Eric you work there at Target are you gay? single, I was admiring you while you ordered your coffee this morning. give me a sign.Was  in line behind you at New Cascadia bakery around 3:45PM today. Eyed you leaving in a Honda SUV and you seemed to pass  me again later . . . if you are interested in meeting up on the DL sometime, hit me back and let me know what  you bought and the color of your car.... liked what I saw :)I'm sorry, I read these from time to time and I can't help but comment on the futility of it all. Everybody needs a release and I understand that, but to these "facts" I would advise as follows: 
threatening someone anonymously makes you look like a child. If you have a problem with someone you should talk to them directly about it. Not only will you feel better, but you wont have to appear impotent to the rest of the world.It seems whenever I see you bagging your papers you are trying to sneak a peek at me.
And I cant help but check you out either. 
See you tomorrow probablyto the lovely, slim, dark-haired lady with backpack & short red jacket w/furry hood:
shoulda coulda woulda. came after you on my bike after I was done eating but had no luck...
-bespectacled fellow in black & gold w/purple bike bagNothing about this makes sense at all but that has never really stopped me before.  I wonder if you think about me.  I am waiting until this just goes away.Hey!
You and your friend from North Carolina did sit ups and pushups whilst reciting Catholic prayers. I sat nearby and helped you out with readings from Leviticus Chapter 11, and from Rumi.
I would like to see you around also, and I would specifically like to invite you to something that I think you would dig.
Email me!We were so close, I drove by a few times to see if I'd see you again with no luck. You should check your email :D and get back to meYoure very beautiful, and we chatted a bit when I came into your store the other day. Im hoping since you get bored at work, you might check this out and email me back. I called in to talk to you after I left but I was wondering why I got turned downI sucked you off a couple of times then told you I couldn't do it anymore. Well I want to again, I lost your email so respond to this ad and we can do it again. We work at the same place, but didn't know that until after I sucked you. Tell me where we work so I know it's you! Your name started with a JLooking for the guy that I had fun with in a booth Wednesday night. We sucked each other off then shot our loads. You were young with a nice long uncut cock. Hit me up for another round please!!11/19 - I was moving the last bits of my belongings out of my apartment into my car and you were entering your blue Ford wagon.  We exchanged smiles and as I appreciated yours I held my gaze moments longer to see if you'd look back at me.  Sure enough I got one last glance from you just before I left to never return.  Did you find the same meaning in that moment?about two years ago you posted here if it was you then you should bring up the subject of unicorns next time we see one another. i wont chicken outWord is out Heather, you are back!! I hear you haven't changed a bit. You are still as slutty as hell. Still going around one hotel to another? clubs and parties? 
We like the way you spread love for this town. Getting laid with random people just for the heck of it. 
Portland is thankful that you are here now. We love sluts like you!!
You will rock this town. Catch you in one of those lobbies or clubs.K. Why don't we return to the love we once had.  Let go of the hurt, the past, others, our selfishness and look towards a future.  Focus on each other again and love and commit the way we were meant to, in peace. We were given chances and opportunities and took that for granted.  Have a happy thanksgiving. I love you and never stopped.  Either way, you will always be a part of me.There's a worker there this morning that has such a glow on her face. Just want to say that its really nice seeing that at the start of the day. Thank you.Kat burglar, please check around your stash of jewels and necklaces, find my heart and return it."B"
You actually really  do not know who she is, do you? Not how she is, but WHO she is?
I always found it to be a strange relationship from everything I listened to, but the fact that she would even give you a second glance, blew me and others away.  The way she cared about you and was devoted to you. Dude, you were lucky and you didn't even know it !Sorry I couldn't talk much last night.  You seemed like an interesting person. 
The guy you thought you knew from somewhereAt tea last night your name came up. My eyes traveled to the place we sat all those years ago. 
Today the wind is restlessly pushing, shoving, chasing.
And by golly: I am missing you!
The keshme still glows, the Kurdish rug still pulsates with birds and magic and life, the prayer mats are my navigationals daily.
I'm sorry.I sign the packages day in and day out. Do you ever notice me?? I don't want to make things awkward or complicated since we already see each other a handful of times a week!. Although writing on here could quite possibly break the ice! What watch do I always wear that you compliment me for?? An even bigger hint: the daily song stuck in my head is _____________?  Tired of admiring you from afar!!!!To the beautiful girl in the black jacket,
I see you almost every morning on my way home from work. For awhile now we've been smiling at each other, for awhile now I've been trying to figure out if you were just smiling back to nice or if it is because you find attractive. Then on Thursday morning you changed up and waved to me as you got off the bus. So, I decided that on Friday morning when I see that I would strike up a conversation with you. 
At least that was the plan.. Until a messy and disgusting incident happened at work last night. This incident left my clothes dirty and with slight smell. I decided that not striking up a conversation was the best way to go. 
If by some chance you read this, and take pity on me, know that I do want to talk to you and would like to take you out some time. Feel to reply this and in your reply tell me what color beanie I was wearing or the color of my sweater. 
Hopefully I didn't screw up my chances of talking to you..
Guy at the 35 bus stop.How about creating a category that people could use to post a search for a missing person; long lost relative, friend, missed connection... Oh, there is that. Well, how about one where the homosexuals could post a search for their missing needs?I have seen you a few times your name is Rebecca your smoking hot. Would like to get to know you better if your not attached hope you see this and I hope I hear from youI have loved and adored you for nearly two years. You have always been out of reach to me bc of rules and regulations. What I have always wondered is, had we met under different circumstances, if you weren't so invested in your s.o. would you have had me? I cannot be the only one feeling the jaw-clentching urge I think we've shared when we can be around one another. Your eyes can't have been lying. I am going to move back home in the not so distant future. I'm not asking you to have * that conversation * with me before I go. I don't think it would be anything but painful and all too late to do in person. I know I can be a walking disaster. I know you can be justifiably cautious about revealing anything personal. Please tell me you see past these things, trust my essence enough, to know I am not just safe to trust with your life not just your position. You are not being treated as you deserve. You are the number one thing that makes me strive in life. Before we are in that moment that causes us all to stutter and feel empty when I am standing before you telling you goodbye, never to see you again, smell you again, laugh with you again, feel alive around you again, .... is there anything at all that you have to say? One sentence I can take to my grave? I will think of you for the rest of my life. If your answer is silence, I will accept that and come to understand. But if you have any words you want to tell me once, that I can associate with the everlasting memory of you, I am listening intently.. Please..This is one of those moments I can't hold my heart back. Its always there ready to break out, fighting it back gets harder and harder. 
I walked down to the swing tonight and parked in the video store parking lot for a while and just gazed down at the water. It was just smiles. New card has good stereo  listened to.......well I am sure you probably can figure that out.That's lovely. Yes, of course its crazy...but love is indisputably a "crazy" emotion....isn't it?
If you could, please elaborate a little more. Is "crazyeyes" some reference of some sort?
I do believe you're my MC. If you are then---you won't have to wait any longer!
Your post:
Till you come back to me
I know you're out there somewhere, enjoying life and being way over me. Sad to say, I'm not over you yet. Call me crazy, but I thought we had something worth our efforts. And I still do. So until you come back to me I'm going to create the scene whereby we get back together and live happily ever after. Yes, I know. Crazy. Just call me crazyeyes. lolYou confound me. 
It's like you're three different people.
I honestly cannot comprehend... 
Any of this. 
I'm finally at the point of just saying 'Fuck it.'
I hate that part. 
Anyways. Have fun.For making the time to hang out. It was nice to have your company. 
Made me feel the way it usually does. Fixes something somehow. Still not sure what that's about exactly.It has maybe been a couple years ago but we made a connection at the YMCA in Vancouver, as I was working out with a roommate.  I even sent a missed connection that day on here and you responded.  We never really connected or talked and wished that we would have!  This is a one and a million shot that you see this!  If so, hit me back with more details about all of this so I know it's you.Doc watching you move in your tight skirt and black high heels as I follow you down the hall makes my day.
ThanksOk... I was at fantasy video in Tigard right around mid night. The girl working there with the dark hair, leggings and a cute black skirt was so sexy. I wanna do naughty things to u, and I think u would like it. Email me if u remember me at the end of your shift on Thursday night :)
PS if any tigard fantasy employees see this, show her :) fuck, she is sexyDear Dale i pray you find this, and are in good health. I met you 10 years ago when i was a young teen. You were in your early 20's. You are Deaf and a very sweet friend. You called me from the pay phone in gresham and typed to me as the operator relayed the message. I had replied to a question you asked me about junior and it came across waaay wrong. I dint mean it the way it came out. You have been on my mind all these years and i wish i our paths would cross again so i could apologize face to face for offending you, By my carelessly worded response. I pray your life and health is well. If you happen to see this, Please respond back. Miss you friend :-( God bless youhey I came in tonight to get coffee. you looked cute as ever. what was I free of tonight?You will probably never read this but If you do I want you to know you have the most beautiful smile I have ever seen. I come in normally once a week to cash my checks and always seem to end up dealing with you by coincidence. We joke a little while you're helping me and you always laugh and smile when I'm talking with you. I'm tall, white, tattooed, and have a CA drivers license. I would ask you out but I've never been the type to ask a lady out at her workplace. I think it's kindof rude and awkward to put someone on the spot like that. If you do read this, wink at me next time and I'll pass you my number.. Take careWow! Fun times! 
I thought I was humorously wishing a nice lady the best of luck in hooking up the lovesong with a fellow player caught in the wild via a subtle bait and switch post. We see them all the time. 
Instead, I pissed off someone so ... words fail me. 
Meanwhile, pretending she does not wish to continue the humilating public display, she simply posts more! Anonymously! Egad! 
To others I've poked  (and those who have poked me to comment on posts here and there), thanks for not being humorless badgers. There have been some truly comical exchanges, friendly displays of non-creeper nose-sniffing, fruitful creeperishness and comradely time-wasting in recent months. I do appreciate that!I saw you at the gym, second floor today.
You wore a brown shirt and blank pants.
You looked so beauty.
We saw each other when you leave the floor.
Id like to meet you :)It is a shame you chose to simply compound your poor manners and, in my perception, possible misreading of a note from someone "out there". I'd consider taking the post down if you indeed do not wish to hurt someone. I'd have actually asked the writer what she meant to be sure reaction was on target. We all make mistakes and you can fix yours!I would have liked to make more conversation, but you were working and I prefer handsome men to remain employed. I got two burgers and fries as a post hangover meal, we both seemed intent to interact, as minimally as we could. Now I'm just sitting at work, eating a mediocre panini, wishing I had that goat cheese burger and thinking, "why the fuck not?" if you happen upon this, and remember what little gift I gave you, let me know. I'd very much like to hang out sometime.We had a wonderful, sexually charged virtual relationship in april-early July, then you disappeared.  I would love to push your buttons again, trade nasty pics and stroke off to your emails.  Even invite you out for dinner and turn our fantasies into something more tangible
Care to play again?
Pdx guy
Please send a pic of the panties i liked so much so i know its you.....sighI thought I would give this a try, I've see you checking our buildings sometime when you do your rounds. I think your hella sexy, I'm 38, five7 and oneforty. Let's chat, trade pics! Thanks!You were a beautiful blonde driving a u-haul with another person on the passenger side tonight around 5.  I was waiting to walk across the street and I was looking at you and I think you were looking at me.  If you see this and you are interested.  Please write me back!You:  Behind the caramel/gift basket table. Wearing glasses and a plaid shirt. Super sexy! 
Me: Long dark hair. I walked by a few times, but was too shy to say much. 
I'd love to chat.Tell what kind of porn i was watching when you came in so i know it is you. I think that is the second time i sucked on that awsome black cock of yours. Did you enjoy the first time or the second time. Do you have a cool place we can meet so i can really get into sucking that cock.When a relationship ends have to cut ties with people I have come to care about. 
Whether you condone it or not I have got your papoose gift card to Garage for Christmas. I am looking at washer and dryer tonight, dryer is going somewhere else but the papoose will have washer to use.I always get so flustered when you stop by my work, but I wanted you to know that I'm very happy when you do and it would be nice to chat with you for more than one minute at a time ;) See you tomorrow!
-MHot guy having breakfast with his mom on Wednesday, November 20th around 9:30AM. You had your Pug with you and my friend and I talked to you about dogs. Both you and the dog were cute! You might not play for the same team, but if you do, let me know.Got to talk.to you today, first time in almost a month. You'll never remember how happy I was and sad at the same time.
She said she was thinking of putting you on meds, I tried explaining how that would forever change you, she pretended to understand, but I'm afraid it fell upon deaf ears as always..
It's your birthday!! You seemed excited, hope you get your wish!!
I guess you got beat up at school a few days ago, that's such BS! I know you don't understand, there's no one who can protect you. Its been stolen from you and I'm afraid you'll be forever 7...i came in to a pizza place in canby today and the guy working the counter was really attractive wanted to say hi but you seemed busy and so was i, if you think this is you tell me the name of the pizza place we can go from there and see if your him :)Have we met? We might have. 
At this point, I don't know. 
My ideal is some queer manly iteration of Gomez and Morticia where we both do our open relationship thing and explore our kinky sides but come home to each other. Is that fantasyland? Probably. But a boy's got to dream...
If you feel similarly, let me know. I appreciate knowing I'm not the only nerd around that thinks a complicated gothic romance isn't such a bad thing...You "liked" me a couple of days ago then disappeared. I was going to write you today because I had been very busy with work the last couple days. You look like a sweet girl.Hey I was behind you most of the night and took off right away after the show. You had green hair was kinda hoping to meet up.Hey, I was order # 907. You're dreamy, we should grab Little Big Burger sometime.Looking for some friends male or female. Would prefer someone who has good sense of compassion, patience and someone who believes that effective communication is important. I am looking to make a few more long term friends who could share common interests who would appreciate cherishing true friendships. 
I enjoy movies, travelling, cooking, hiking, running, swimming, playing tennis, reading science magazines,share gifts, drink tea and chat, to mainly encourage and support each other.You followed me into a booth and started sucking my cock. You asked if I liked a slow, sensual bj and you were glad that I did like it that way. 
You said that you had to keep it on the DL, but you gave me your number-- I put it in my phone but neglected to 'save'... 
You were limited on time because you had an appointment to go to-- tell me what the appt was so I know it's you; 
I'm sorry I lost your number but would definitely love to meet up and finish what we started.You were a cute redhead  girl who purchased this book at powells on thursday morning. I was your cashier and we chatted for a little bit but before I could ask you if you'd like to grab coffee I was distracted and then you left. I would love to meet up for coffee or happy hour and talk.Are you kidding me? You have to ask if this person should be trusted?? HELL NO, she shouldnt be trusted and to think that you can is foolish. Give it up and find someone who has your best interest at heart.Crossing the street at 11th and Burnside, you going towards Powell's, me going the other way. You had long hair but with the side shaved and a tan backpack. I looked up and saw you smile and it felt like my heart skipped a beat. What did I look like?ERRB,
 It's Thanksgiving soon. I still have very good feelings about how we met and that first Thanksgiving together. It was a wonderful time for me that I will always cherish. I really hope you look at it the same way. I'm not sure I'll watch the musical without you. It seems wrong. I do hope you are doing well though and that you have the happiness you seek this holiday season. 
Be well. ~NI saw you for a second time today. I imagine you have a boyfriend. And I hate asking girls out who are at work, because that's awkward for both people. But, wow, you are gorgeous. Here's my penny into a wishing well hoping you might see this.
To narrow this down in case there are multiple Natalia's out there: you look hot even in your scrubs / work uniform.If I had a smarty-pants phone instead of a glorified brick with numbers, you would be a youtube star.  
Your version of Chariots of Fire was AMAZING.  Wanted to offer my thanks for the fabulous and unexpected entertainment.
Blessings!
P.S.  Contact me if you have an interest in working with other local area musicians.Take a good look at the man you are.
Is that the man you want to be?
Think about it.You asked for directions, which I shared. Gave you a ride since you were walking. I normally wouldn't do that, but I liked something about your spirit. Can't believe you're a Mom of 6!
I found you attractive. You trusted me (well done). If you possibly read this, you should write me. Tell me what you found on that bus earlier. ;)It was fun, and you asked if I'd follow you with friends to your next stop... I had to find mine first, and we never met up again. Let me know if you'd be into some more casual fun sometime. I liked the chemistry. You were wearing jeans, and had a cell phone in your right hip pocket, and your hair was long and you were wearing it down. Tell me something else about that night that we'd both know...  Even if you don't want to reply, thank you, that was fun!It was nice to meet you.  Good luck with all your painting.
I'd like to continue our conversation over coffee or a drink sometime soon.  I hope you really do call me.  Seriously!
D.We kept exchanging smiles and a couple hi's but never took the chance to talk. You were amazingly beautiful.  Tell me what you were wearing and what i was wearing so that i know you are real.Well that didn't take long. Many replies all mutual. Just needed outside opinion. Thank you all who replied only one was disrespectful.I am so sorry about this. I have to say that I think she is abusing your trust. I think you need to leave this relationship; I know it will be hard, but yes, you need to run.Dude, run. Seriously.
My experiences have taught me that if someone can not be honest and tell you the real story, then there is always a reason for that.
If she is meeting with her exes (which in itself is not the problem) but not telling you or giving you misinformation (which is called lying) then why are you staying?
Speaking from experience, this only gets worse, not better. She is finding it easy to lie to you (or not tell you the complete truth). Once someone does that, they will just do it over and over again. Think of it this way----- if she really loved you, I mean really, then why twist the truth? To save your feelings? To not make you overreact? To protect you? These are all excuses she will use when you confront her. Don't believe her- she is trying to manipulate you.
Love = honesty. Pure and pure. When someone really cares, there is no need to lie.
Dump her and look for someone who will be honest with you rather then 'bending' the truth. Save yourself months if not years of heartache and get out. You will be happier in the end-- trust me!!!
Signed,
Been there, done all that!Danielle, I met you at the Firkin last week, I hopped over to your table, introduced my self to your friends and somehow we got to taking game of thrones. I ran in to get another drink - which took way too long - when I got back, your friends told me you thought I left and took off yourself. Lets grab a coffee or a beer and pick up where we left off?Huh? You have to be kidding if that is how you saw things? Should I bring up why there were trust issues. I had been sitting here most of morning wondering about what are my personal trust issues were. I can label it to all the times hanging out with your ex's and never said anything to me and lied about it.  You broke the trust that caused the demise. Don't brush it all on me again. You ratted out everything I disclosed to you to another guy and crushed all loyalty. These are what caused the problem wake up.The place in those pictures is no where near Portland. I had to survive to. I gave you chance after chance to fix it. To say I couldn't accept you not having those feelings for me or that they changed. You never said that to me the whole time. The problem was your lies.I was in with my son two weeks ago this Sunday. You said he was adorable. You blushed when we talked and there was electricity when our hands touched. I haven't been able to get you out of my mind since.Work in sherwood.  Looking for a confidant woman to look like she is using the gym.  I give you the code.  You go in.  I then come in and ask for help.  We go into the bathroonand you watch me play.  You then leave.  Pic or no response.  Also in subject put your favorite band.  To weed out spam.girl, you fine. that smile makes me pump shiaz harder than before. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxWill you call me?
I lost your number.
I think you want to try this again?
I'm getting that message.
I am more than willing, you beautifully inked human....almost everyday for the past couple years:
You should ask me for my number and take me out to a lobster dinner. 
Surely there's enough time for that early in the morning?Would like some input from both men and women.
If you are in a committed relationship with someone and they.
1. Have a ex over to their home alone after 11:00pm without informing you.
2.Tell you they are going to have coffee with an ex at public place then you find out later they went for drive with ex and parked in secluded place. 
3.Went for lunch with ex without your knowledge and told you they were somewhere else when they were with an ex and they brushed off date plans with you.
(These are 3 different ex's by the way)
4.you find out she has been spending all night with another man multiple times without contact and lied about it.
Just want input, serious input if you would be trusting in these situations or not. Please let me hear it.I was no one, then someone told me that I was their friend. That was going to make me more than no one,  until I found out it was just so they could use me and take from me. Which then left me even less than no one. There is still an emptiness that a masses over 50yrs that consums you physically, mentally and emotionally until even if you found someone you would never know it. 
The only thing that will make you feel compete is when that light shines bright to guide you through the darkness. All those along the way just offer the same advise. The only problem is you aren't the reason your alone,  it's there isn't anyone that wants to spend time with you. 
   So you keep going till one day that light shines through the darkness of daylight to guide you on your way. So until then there I will be waiting for you.I was in your way, you are so beautiful. Find this, please. This was Wednesday and you were dressed to absolutely kill. Oh, those boots.......I was amazed to see such a young beautifully TALL girl walk thru the door of the club tonight! You looked so sexy in your blue shirt and your amazing long legs stretching out the bottom!
Damn you are fucking hot! I asked if you were there to play and you said depends on how the night goes! I would have done anything to feel those long sexy thighs gripping my head while I tongue fucked your pink little p***y!!
Aside from you I was the tallest there! Let's see how sexy our two long bodies look together!Met you on Wednesday September 11th, you and your girlfriend arrived late on the Island and spread your towels as the sun started to go down. I was tanned gentleman with little black and white dog on wave runner. My little dog Misty came up and laid on your towel. I did not say much as you were involved in conversation with two other men. I am interested and would like to take you out to dinner or meet for coffee. Love to spend time on river, go for hikes, walk on beach, ride bicycles, play pool. Don't know if this will work, but have not stopped thinking about you.I am looking for Chrystella who worked at Wild Orchid. I was the older gentleman with the little black and white dog named Misty. We met on a Thursday night outside the door on your smoke break. I was going to come in the next Thursday but had to go out of town. When I returned you were no longer working there and no one would tell me where you moved on to. I sensed a connection when we were talking and am interested in meeting up again for a drink or coffee. Please contact me if interested.We met tonight and I thought we were having a nice time getting to know each other.  You suddenly seemed disinterested, and I'm wondering why?  Could we maybe meet again and talk without such a group around us?  Say what your first name is or what color shirt you were wearing...not quite sure how to approach another female, i do my best with honest eyes on you and your collage of outfits, like mine we'd never fit together on a square page. if you know who i am, you will know ill go to all the way across town to get stoned. to see you. to wonder just how can people only just get laid. I want it,but it would be more. you are clever. died your hair pink, id do you some good girl, i just want to act on it. see this and kiss my cheek next time. if not i can lose you in a blink.All true ... if you leverage your entire self-worth, self-image, and present and future contentment on someone else. 
Which is not fair to him or to you.  
Especially when you neglect to inform him of these brand new burdens...Don't know if you are who I think you but you sound a lot like my ex.
No, I'm not an asshole to write you out of my life. It's called survival. And how incredibly selfish of you to think that. Don't you ever think of anyone but yourself? I wanted to be friends with you, but your actions kept hurting me over and over again...... Why should I have to put up with that kind of torture? Our breakup was so difficult on me because I truly and wholeheartedly loved you. And you probably don't think you are worthy of love, therefor you are not able to see that someone could actually love you.
So how can I be friends with someone who broke my heart and kept stepping all over the pieces? Do you not ever look at your actions (after we broke up) and see how I could be hurt by that? I tried but I was a crying mess all the time. I needed to get you out of my life. You became toxic to me.
And ohhhhh yes, did I learn things from all of this. I learned immensely. I have not erased my time with you- I just think of it as one big giant learning experience. Trust me, I will take all I have learned into my next relationship. Hopefully it will turn out better that this.
So wake up and stop acting like a victim! Realize you really hurt someone you "supposedly" loved. And while you are "no threat" to me, I do have to protect my heart from you.hello, i saw you at the nordstrom rack store at night, about 6 pm, u was with your parents i think.
i was with a friend. and u and me look each other.
I think you are around 20 years old, i dont know, but i really like you.
hope to hear about you.Hello on Monday you help me locate a toy for a friend if my son was in the video section , I gave you my number diner"It's funny that someone can claim to love you, but then choose to cut off communication without a second thought?" 
Oh, that's rich. If this is who I think it is, you post this nasty-gram after leaving me and running home. Those apron-strings are awful tight, no?
Always the victim. Some things never change.For the past few years I've been looking for a wonderful woman I once knew by the name of Maryann. I'm not sure of the spelling. It could be Marianne, Merryann, or even Mary Anne. Unfortunately, for the life of me I can't remember her last name since it's been so long. You were close to my age so you're probably in your late 30's now (maybe 40), around 5ft 7in high (about the same as me) with dark brown hair that use to be a little past shoulder length.
We met at Lloyd Center in 2000. You worked at the Starbucks in the mall and I worked at the kiosk in front of it selling sunglasses, along with running my own business there. You introduced yourself one day when walking past me in the mall and seeing I wasn't having a very good day. You talked to me, cheered me up, and that day we became friends.
At times I would see you working at Starbucks when I'd get my hot chocolate. Other times you would visit me at my store. At one point I think you either changed jobs or got a 2nd job at the Finish Line shoe store. You always seemed full of energy and so easy to talk to. I always enjoyed seeing you at work and always wished that we could have seen each other more. I would have asked you out back then, but you were seeing someone. Eventually, so was I. At the end of 2000 I got employment outside of the mall and didn't see you for a while.
A couple years later we ran into each other at Clackamas Town Center. Funny enough we were both engaged to other people. We talked briefly and again went our separate ways.
You found me again a couple years later, 2006 I think, while I was working at Washington Square mall. You were in a hurry, on your way to work, and could only talk for a minute. I think you said you were working in NE Portland at an auto parts store, but I could be wrong.
Now it's 7 years later. I'm no longer married and have been searching for you for the past few years. I've searched everywhere I can think of, but my options are limited when all I have is you first name (and not even sure of the spelling) and where you worked 13 years ago. I'm hoping that maybe you, or someone who knows you, will see this. If so, maybe you will contact me. Hopefully, you will remember who this is.
I'm not looking for anything more than friendship. I mainly just want to know how you are, how life is treating you, hopefully build a better friendship, maybe even see where things go from there if you're still single. . .
. . .and to know your last name.
-AaronYou must be a 100% genuine asshole to write me out of your life (past, present, future).  Forgive me if I can't find any good reason for it. I'm no threat to you. I actually loved you. Sometimes you make me forget why, but I don't rewrite my past and omit my struggles and failures because it's easier than reconciling them.  I tend to think those things have made me a better person in the end.  I'm guessing you don't? because you certainly don't care to contribute to the learning experience.  So you go ahead and convince yourself that we never met and that's good because you could never ever learn anything about anything from meeting me.I'm so incredibly blown away by the beautiful act of kindness that you showed me today. I have never experienced something so selfless and caring before in my life. What you did means more to me than the gift you left for me... you've restored my faith in men at a time when I felt incredibly vulnerable.
You've reminded me to continue on being compassionate and love without expectations or reward. I felt so inspired in my career choice as a nurse but also as myself as a woman in this cruel, lonely world. I simply love that people like you exist and I hope somehow you could know how much I appreciate what you did. 
Thank you and I hope someday to be able to pay it forward.I know you're out there somewhere, enjoying life and being way over me.  Sad to say, I'm not over you yet.  Call me crazy, but I thought we had something worth our efforts.  And I still do.  So until you come back to me I'm going to create the scene whereby we get back together and live happily ever after.  Yes, I know.  Crazy.  Just call me crazyeyes.  lolI'm tired of "communicating" with you. These multiple messages throughout the weeks are just sharing this and that, mocking him or her, riffing here and there, just rubbing our thoughts around like finger paints. I'm tired of sharing what amounts to nothing and coming away with what amounts to nothing. The whole structure of this communication is to not really reveal what is really there, and not revealing what is really there only leaves emptiness.
Has this connection been irrevocably missed?You and your teacher friend sat next to my buddy an I. I enjoyed talking with you about good eats. You are also fairly attractive!! I'd like to talk some more. I should have gave you my number.You are one hot guy not sure if you were looking at me through the mirror or not but you are 1 HOT GUY. you in red sleeveless and great art shirt drop me a line if you see this and if you want to get a coffee or a beer sometimeHot and bothered. Multnomah County jury duty, Thursday, November 14th. Exquisite woman with black bobbed haircut, black turtkeneck, and boots, texting on phone, book on lap, near TV showing Fox News. I was behind you a couple of rows towards your left, in black slacks, gray dress shirt, and North Face vest. I know you noticed me, and I certainly noticed you. I really regret not saying hello. Big mistake, and know I can't stop thinking about what might have been.
Looking for help from anyone. If you know someone who was on jury duty that day and fits this description, please show her this post...please.I miss you tonight. It is absurd. And I know nothing good can come of missing what you've never -had- ... oh, the possibilities. I would willingly give you my heart and my hand, and that is the reason I went to such lengths to destroy any inkling of anything coming from you-and-me being together. I never felt like so much could come of doing so little before. The sense that I would be more than ready to accompany you was what set me in motion to doing such destructive things to preserve my status-quo. So I'm feeling so-so about leaving no trace of a memory for you to follow me. I'm on a path now to discovering myself, moving towards health and well-being, and simple as that may seem it 's a hard-learned lesson. I have never been satisfied with simplicity. You came to me in my dreams the other night to tell me that some of us must live quite simply. And this dream set in motion a cycle of emotions that I would have known not at all had I not had the notion that I might like to know you some more. Oh, please, please please, won't you call me- I would love it if you'd be a friend to me sometime.Raylene,
Think of you alot, probably more than I should. We once had something special til Ifucked it up. Been a long time . Searched everywhere for you. Maybe this will work.  The one who ran over your parents dog on our first date.Dennis J, thanks for the majik wiggle dance! You made me laugh so, so hard! Oh it was fun. Tell me where it was, how it started and what I did when you wiggled for me. I'm still chuckling and truly liked the silliness enough to see if there's more to it. 
Oh thank you for such hilarity on such a dreadful day! I was too damned shy to just offer a number or ask for one.I saw you driving around 6:30 pm and yes I was checking you out. We looked at each other 3x while at the stop light. You are cute! Wanna chat?Wow is all I can say when I saw you at Haggens check out stand today at 4.15pm
You are hot dude, and oh so sexy
I tried to get your attention but you had a line of customers and I had to leave
If anyone knows Nathan L at Haggens Tualatin please pass this on to him as he
deserves to know how sensual he is    ThanksOn point counter teller.  I have seen you a few times. I bank at your location on broadway rarely....but sometimes when I do....I see you. You help me now and then as well.  You are so darn cute.  I just wanna make out once!  I am certain I am not your type....plus I am definately older than you.
I think you name is luccie....you're asian. A curvier girl who smiles allot.Remember you needed a ride out beyond Hillsboro, and we drove to the hills, talking about our beards, and jerking off together?  That was hot.  I miss that.  Looking to reconnect with you or someone similar.Saw you coming from restroom in Clackamas Costco around 2:30 pm.  You had bright auburn hair and jeans and the smile you gave me as you went past me lit me up.  I was taller wm, with jeans, gray sweater, gray flat cap, gray goatee and glasses.  If there was a mutual interest, hit me up.I just wanted to say thank you for responding, even if it was just to say "fuck you". It is ok for you to be mad at me still. I have missed you.
I was going through a very hard time. I know you were too, and I expected so much from you without giving back in return. I just didnt have it in me. I know it was hard on you to live through that, seemingly without reward. I lived through all that too, except I was in horrific pain, puking up blood, arms and legs going numb, and I thought I was literally going to die in the near to immediate future. I am not trying to compare suffering because everyone's internal experience is unique, but there was definitely some emotional trauma to what I went through in addition to the purely physical hardships.
I am healthier now. I have been off pain medication for 6 months. Tamara helped me detox.....at least through the initial hard detox phase. Then she left. I spent a month alone and tried another relationship......I learned alot about myself and how I used to be by observing her. I learned what it must have felt like when I isolated myself in my depression, staying up on the computer alone while avoiding you. I am so very sorry if I made you feel that way. It is just the last few months that I have been healing.
As for seeking outside relationships.....I was completely faithful to you for a lot of years. YOU were the one who said you didnt want the relationship, but you also didnt want me to move on? Those last months before it all went down, I was NOT still looking. Ever since that day at the park where we were really getting along, or so I thought, I really felt good about us again and was trying to make it work. We had that conversation about how hard it is to detox from pain medication (which I needed)......you told me not to detox and never go through that pain, in order to avoid a difficult time period. I asked you to be patient with me while I heal and recover. Instead of doing that you threw me under the bus and seem to have written me off forever. I am sorry that the timing was bad, but this is not what I wanted.
I dont hate you. I still care about you. We grew up together. I do not regret our time together. It is and will always be a part of me.
I am not asking you to come back to me. I am asking for an opportunity to be seen in a new light under better circumstances and conditions. I am asking for a chance for us to be civil and to cooperate.....in separate houses, but with respect and as a friend.
It really wasnt all bad. Remember walking to the cross at night? The waterfalls and the steps that lead nowhere? The fire trails? The gardens? Full moon gatherings? How awesome your room was? Reading books to each other? Skipping school to hang out with each other as much as we possibly could? Driving through the mountains and forests? Watching Adult Swim? Going to the park. Hiding behind the bathrooms, almost getting in tons of trouble? Sneaking in through the window and hiding from my grandmother? I wrote you songs and poems.....the Waterfall song, and poppy fields. We used to sleep cuddled every single night for years. We needed each other. Whenever we tried to break up we couldnt handle being apart.....that was a long time ago, and I dont expect to ever go back to that, but it was NOT a non-stop nightmare. It was usually beautiful and amazing and we were the envy of others who never had such a long term and loving relationship. We outlived both of our parents marriages combined many fold. We were functional for a lot of years. There were some low points over the years, but we were both traumatized youth and a lot happens over 17 years. You were my family, the one person I thought I always would be able to depend on. I didnt take it well when you were going to leave for real, though I admit to taking you for granted. I was not however the horrible person you made me out to be......kept prisoner for 17 years? No way. That is not even close to how it was. We loved each other in spite of our flaws.
Give me a chance to communicate with you again. 
Something wonderful is about to happen if we can get through to the next month. Life could get a lot easier for both of us. I hope that you honestly want to make peace with me because of the life we shared together that made us who we are, but even if you hate me still there is something else that is vital for us to discuss and soon. Please reach out to me.Last Wednesday I went into Fantasy in Tigard around 2:00 in the afternoon. 
You are a young bearded dude with brown hair; you do some sort of construction work I assume--you had a couple work-related items attached to your clothes.
you went into a booth and kept the door open. 
I came in and sucked your cock while you watched straight porn. Sucked you off and left. 
I would definitely be down for that again buddy.I read your profile and wow, there is lot to read.
I am hoping I can catch up to your speed.
I find you very pretty.
I hope you will find my poem cute and witty.
I find POF fairly boring, however I  don't mind snoring.
My name is not Don.
I too sleep with the TV on.
I would be interested in chatting or talking.
Hopefully I won't bore you enough, that you'll start walking.
To you , I wish a great day.
Maybe I'll hear back and see what you have to say.
For now I must return to my job.
No my name is not Bob!So now I have met both of you.  Can't believe I am putting this out there!  T and J, you guys seem like a great and fun couple.  Would love to get to know each of you better!
Keeping my fingers crossed....
DOn 11/15/13 I was at the customer service counter at 12:49 , you walked up behind me and we exchanged several smiles , I was wearing a black jean jacket , you were there getting quarters , I wanted to meet you and talk to you but your beauty and your smile had me mesmerized and speechless, I would love to chat with you and possibly get to know you if your interested , thank you for your time in reading your post ,I come in every once and awhile and you are just stunningly beautiful.  You were wearing a red dress today, curls in your hair and a perfect smile.  You remember my situation when ever we talk.... are you single? You know i am. Didn't think it would be appropriate to ask you out while you were working. Can i take you out for a drink? Or some coffee? Would love to get to know you....I wanted to ask for your number yesterday but chickened out. Plus, I didn't know if it was appropriate under the circumstances. You were at work, I was stopping in for my "final" visit. You are absolutely gorgeous. If for some reason you're not otherwise spoken for, I'd love to buy you a drink.NO I don't wonder I know!  I don't have the luxury of taking a leap and I can't even if the door was open and you know why.  I had deleted everything for a reason, at least I thought I did, and I found some things on my computer and at just the sight of you a weakness came over me and my insides felt like they were turning.  I know what could have been, but in reality of my life I know what had to be.  I don't have a choice and never will because I have and always will have the responsibilities that I brought into this world by the choices I made.
I have pushed you deep behind closed doors in the back of my mind and have kept you there so I can try and do what I am suppose to do anad what is right.  It has not been easy!  If I block you out that is when I funtion the best.  Yes I have had bad and good days.  Yes there are things that remind me of you all the time and it's hard.  I have tried to focus VERY hard on the choices I made before you and what I have as my life and make the most out of it and be happy.  I promised myself I would never contact you again or respond to you if you tried to contact me.  Guess what?!  I am the one that broke my own rule.  I was managing and functioning ok and find until I saw your picture and pictures of us!  I told you when it all ended that what I was doing WAS the right thing but you would always be skin deep so that is whay I had to get rid of everything so I couldn't visually see anything becasue it was too hard for me!!!
Since I have seen your picture I have been having harder times again at home with my attitude.  Yes I still imagine you like I always have in my house.  Yes I imagine being able to freaking hold you and have theat feeling come all over me of the perfect fit and how it made me feel and then I realize I will never have that becasue it wasn't suppose to be, but doesn't mean it wasn't real to me!  I struggle ok?!  I hate watching THE BIG BAND THEROY becasue I soon as I see miss Indian girl I get a knot in my throat and my insides staart turning because it reminds me so much of you dammit.
I should have never never never posted anything!!!  I do hope you are well and everyting is working out for you and you are making plans for your life because I do care and it was real before you even ask.  Even though the therapist said our relationship was souly based on sex.
So sorry I posted and I will not do it again becasue I can't do this and you know that becasue you know me!  At least I think you do?!  So yes I do miss you and think of what could have been, but can't and won't do anything about it becasue I will never turn the lives upside down of my kids and watch them hurt as well as others that don't deserve it.  It would kill me!  So once again I'm sorry even though just the sight of you turns me upside down emotionally inside and effects my everything.
At least let me know it is you by telling me what you called me.  I told you that you were my Indian Princess!  What did you call me?
I do miss you and I am sorry I posted, but I need to go back to where I had my mind before and keep it there.
Please take care of yourself!!!!!
Your, ____  _______  man!
Re: I MISS YOU! BUT I SHOULDN'T! Indian Princess w4m - m4w - w4m (Midwest) 
Really, you miss me? But you shouldn't? You'll always be wondering what could have been instead of taking a real leap of faith to find out. It seems the only person you are struggling with on trust issues is yourself. Self confidence in ones own self can build up quite a barrier. Leaving emptiness in place of something that could have the potential of blooming. How else can you build on learning to trust one another in a relationship if your NOT TOGETHER?!!! If you were where you are supposed to be then you wouldn't be missing me. 
Sincerely,
Me Too
----------------------------------------
I MISS YOU! BUT I SHOULDN'T! Indian Princess - m4w (Midwest)
It's going on six months and I miss you but I shouldn't. I go through phases thinking about you and longing to hold you close because you fit just right. I miss that connection because it was so real, but again I shouldn't. I still think what it would be like to be together and how I would feel knowing you desire me so much, but then I think of a day to day situation and how I would worry all the time because we could never trust each other and always question what the other might be doing in secret and how that would probably never change and make a miserable life, but I still miss everything and I know I shouldn't!
I shouldn't be posting this but I just felt like it because I wanted to. I know it could never be because we have our own lives and mine being so dependent upon from others. What I have is good and well rounded, but there is one piece I can never fulfill completely, but I shouldn't even know about that because I was doing something I shouldn't be. I am where I should be because it is right, but I do miss the feeling even though I shouldn't.
I hope you went on with your life staying where you should be and building on it. What I also hope is that you didn't continue to go out and play this stressful game with another and left that life style behind. In its own way that would give me peace, but it is something I will never know, so I will pretend that is what you did.
I hope you are happy with what you are doing and I do wish you well! To keep you wondering I will say I hope your mum is doing well and she did give you the right advice and that is coming true today because I am where I am suppose to be and so are you.
Sincerely,
MeProfessional during weekdays. Classic whore during weekends
Friday is your happy day. It's time to drop professional cloths and play whore to earn living. Way to go Heather L.
Hope you find happiness this way spreading STD. So be a whore to others.
Make sure your kid don't find out dark side of your life.
Truth hurts. Doesn't it.
JeremyYou looked quite fetching while sitting with Mo, waiting for your drink.  I couldnt help but notice you.
I know you noticed me and are interested.
Do you have the courage to respond?No chemistry?  No worries.  I think we may have been looking for something different from each other.  I was looking for "in addition to" and I think you may have wanted "instead of".  You may not have been attracted to me physically.  I get it.  The sex would have been outstanding, but we're going our separate ways.  I really do wish you the best.Looking for Debbie H. Serenity Lane, 1989
I am single now and I wondered if you were still around. It would be great to hear from you.
Steve B.   Coos BayWell I'd like to take you as I find you
Imagine our clothes are on the floor
Feel my caress so soft and gentle
So delicate you cry for more
But you know baby
You know baby does it right
And you know baby does it right
Universe inside of your heart
You gotta let me know
So you can be free baby
You wanted it so much
And now that it's over
You don't know what you want
Put time in a capsule
Two minds consensual
Entwined to perfection
If we could...
Cuddle up close
Lay on my chest now
Listen my heart beats coming down
If you get tired, you close your eyes now
When you wake up I won't be found
'Cause I know baby
I know you're the nervous kind
With so much going on in your mind
Universe inside of your heart
You gotta let me know
So you can be free baby
You wanted it so much,
And now that it's over
You don't know what you want
But let me tell you that, this time,
I'm gonna make you mine
(I won't let you go)
'Cause I know, this time
I'm gonna make sure I look out for me
'Cause you know baby
Well you know baby does it right
And you know baby does it right
You will only end up lost in loneliness
And wake up with the words already
On your lips
So I'll let you go, baby, oh baby
So I'll let you go...
Universe inside of your heart
You gotta let me know
So you can be free baby
You wanted it so much,
And now that it's over
You don't know what you wantSo, how many of these are you going to post?  Your multiple ads all say the same thing (you know, talking about a very specific situation that "just happened today"...every day you post).  I'm curious about whether this line has worked for you.I bought a wallet today. I cant help but think about you. The beauty you possess is beyond all the stars.. you smiled and it made me flush. Have a wonderful Christmas and keep smiling.Sonic's hat and visiting from Seattle. Braces and sexy as hell. Jamal, hope I run into you again. By far the best looking guy in the club and Subway.I am sorry it has taken me so long to contact you again.  I failed to follow my heart but I assure you that my heart still yearned.  While Life threw several obsticles my way that had to be dealt with, my desire for you kept burning and my hope to be with you kept yearning.  
Your images are like beautiful sirens beckoning my soul to open this long closed door.  Door of new life experiences and what could be....  and other new endless possibilities.  I had not revisited your photos until just lately and was suprised to see a change in the profile pic.  It very well explained the comment that even though you have beautiful eyes and those kiss me lips, the male admiration may find it's way south.
I have tried to shelve this romantic and primal urges from the my romantically boring but otherwise awesome life.  I  push down these feelings by burying myself in work, family and substitute the other passions in my life.  
I realize that happiness can co-exist with being lonely, and by lonely I mean laying next to someone who has closed the romantic connection and showing no real  appreciation for me.  I realize the longer this appreciation is absent, the more I have begun to crave it. 
As I lie there at night, thoughts that race through my mind on what I can do to re-ignite those feelings in her.  As I try them one by one, they either fail or create a short term spark which is extinguished, sometimes slowly and sometimes quickly.  As the nights turn into weeks, months and years, those thoughts about improving or fixing these things seem more and more futile. 
I have realized and made the decision...  Good things sometimes come to an end.  Maybe end is the wrong word, maybe it should be Good things come to a transition.  I have the inspiration to let go of that rope, to swim the waters without teather, to venture into the unknown.  Experience the rapids of life or if I am lucky,  feel the smooth tranquility of calm waters of a smart, intelligent beautiful woman who has the attributes that I desire.  So I am going to make that leap and venture into those waters.  Maybe you will throw me a rope.
I will say good bye for now, but thought you might be interested in watching this beautiful rendition of a Beatles song, "If I Fell".  It spoke to me and I decided to learn it on the piano and I would some day like to play it for you.  
Don't worry, I want to assure you that I  know that this whole figment of my imagination is just that and nothing more at this point.  I let my mind run away, with inspiration provided by what I read in your posting and the gorgeous images that beckon me.  It has given me fodder to encourage me to become more retrospective and analyze my long term and short term goals for true happiness.   
That being said, please go to YouTube and cut and paste this:   v=ZW8b2j0fVSA    
I hope you enjoy it.  MeI was biking around downtown on my way to work when it started to pour, I didn't even notice that my hat flew off of my head. It was my favorite hat, with patches and buttons on it. Black. If anyone finds a hat matching this description, I'll be eternally grateful!!! Kind of silly, but it's a big deal. To me, anyways. 
E-mail me with the name on the hat as the subject line please!!I was biking around downtown on my way to work when it started to pour, I didn't even notice that my hat flew off of my head. It was my favorite hat, with patches and buttons on it. Black. If anyone finds a hat matching this description, I'll be eternally grateful!!! Kind of silly, but it's a big deal. To me, anyways. 
E-mail me with the name on the hat as the subject line please!!You were shopping with your friend, boyfriend, I'm not sure. I was helping him with black pants for a party. You both seem like nice guys and super friendly. I believe you winked at me. I almost asked for your number but I was working. You said you'd "see me this weekend". I'd like to meet up outside of my job for a drink if you're up for it.You caught my eye this thursday night. I think you were wearing a red coat but honestly all I saw was your eyes. We exchanged looks a couple times and as you got off the bus I was ready to kick myself for not speaking up you turned back and locked eyes with me for just a moment. I felt it. I doubt this will ever reach but if by chance it does...coffee, perhaps a tea?
Bus 75, around six, 39th and Woodstock, I wore a dark blue sweaterTo the woman who held the door for me around 7:00 tonight; thank you   Our eyes met a few times inside and just as you left.  I like your smile.  I tried to catch you before you left in your Prius, but then I figured it would be weird if I cornered you in the parking lot.  At any rate, thank you for holding the door and smiling.  If you would like to get a drink, tell me what color your skirt and Prius is and what you noticed me wearing.Saw you at the Gateway FM around 2:45 today. You were w/ your daughter??? I spoke to you and told you about my son. Our encounter was way too brief... I regret not asking you your name and  number. I was wearing a green flannel. I really hope you see this and contact me so I can take you out sometime...Tell me what kind of shoes you were wearing, so I know its you.I was waiting to find a check-out register and you approached me to direct me to a stand that had a short line.  The cashier was getting ready to leave and you asked if they could just check me out before they closed.
You are an employee with long brunette hair.  Very cute face and very attractive.  I have brown hair about 5'10 and 170lbs.  And probably had a stupid look on my face because I didn't know what to say.  I wanted to talk with you but you seemed really busy.  Despite that you were very nice.  I wish I would have read your name badge but neglected to do so.  I do believe you didn't have a wedding ring on.  I'm attracted to very nice people and you seemed that way.
If you read this ad and remember our encounter I would really like to talk with you maybe over some coffee or tea?  Maybe a drink if you like.  
If your that person, please reply and maybe we could meet up sometime.  I hope you read this.
My name is David.Im here. See you tomorrow!Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!You must be new but you are just beautiful. I can't put my finger on it. Your name starts with an R and again, very cute. Here's hoping:)I was with my daughter in Vita Cafe, you were with your (?) daughter. She is adorable, as are you. I was blushing so much! Please write...I see you in the morning and you always remember my order. we chat about our weekends and plans ...are you interested too? tell me what I order so I know its you :-)Again, thank you for your kind gesture. There are not many of you out there willing to help a damsel in distress in 30 degree weather. You are amazing, and I cannot thank you enough!We met a few days ago in Houston waiting to board a flight to Portland when I asked you about lines for boarding and you asked if I had priority seating . And we spoke again when the plane landed. Tell me what you said that made me smile so I know it's you.
Not many people can genuinly make me smile, but you did without even trying. I just want to put this out into the universe, so even if you don't see this or don't contact me, I hope you continue making others smile.You were
I imagine you playing while the cat is away.
You are just a few blocks away. 
Too bad the pool is closed.
I wonder if the shake was enough, or if you like figs
Mostly I wonder if you areYou bought 2 cans of Red Mike's Lemonade and a bottle of red wine.  My kids were in line behind you and they were buying some licorice and they made a comment that they were going to use the licorice for straws and you told them "That is the only way to do it" and gave me a smile.  I was going to say something but assumed that your assortment of beverages were for a partner because you were buying a couple of different types of alcoholic drinks.  
You walked away and left the store and we were behind you.  You were on foot with no vehicle so I assume that you live close.  You looked back at me several times while walking.  When I drove to the main road, you were gone.I knew Harry many years ago when he lived in San Francisco but have lost touch with him.
 If anyone can help, please let me know
ThanksI came to cash my check from dkb, and we talked about almost being neighbors! I should hate asked for your number but didn't if you see this and remember respond if you would like to go to dinner sometimehappiness is a decision, and this comes from much pain, 
   thru adversity comes greatness...  
                         action creates change and decicions are the only thing you truly have control over . 
    Decide to take action to change the situation. decide that once you take control you will be happy.  
           as harsh as it sounds , you are responsible for your life ...
    My life is across the street from homelessness, but i took action , i made decisions that to others seemed like crazy bad , but they paid off in happiness. 
     what is right for you will not be right for everyone . decide that you deserve better. say it 
          I DESERVE BETTER!    now follow the steps aboveI was sitting with a friend eating pizza today around 12:30. He says to me, did you see the Pepsi girl bringing in soda? I turned to look and saw the most attractive delivery girl I have ever seen in my life. Nice to see a female not afraid to do manual labor or get her hands dirty. I'd love to grab a bite to eat with you sometime if your available. Get in touch and let me know.I drank one more beer than I really wanted to just so that I had an excuse to sit next to you while you snapped your photos. You truly do have a great smile and I would love to see it again. On my way out I stuffed my number into your hoodie pocket on a napkin. I realized today that it could easily have fallen out given my hands aren't the most nimble with two pairs of gloves on. I would have stayed longer to talk to you, but I needed to go. Anyways, if you find this, or my number still crumpled up in your pocket, I would love to hear from you :)I was walking up the stairs and you were walking down. You were brunette with a blue zip up on and you smiled at me so I said hi. What was on your mind? I'd love to talk to you. This was tonight (12th) at 6:45You are currently staying in Longview at a hotel near the hospital.  You are very attractive. I see you daily. Just wanted to let you know!!I'll be on vacation in ten minutes! 
I'm looking for any kind of woman who can keep my attention. I'm not picky and I love all shapes and sizes. I'm in great shape and would LOVE for some Thursday night naughty time!
6ft
185
Caucasian 
Thick and hung
Let me know!Mt. Tabor, Your friend John H., Stayed with you in Ca., We lived on NE 67th. Are you still in Portland?My lady and I are curious about checking things out, but wondering if it will be worth our while.  We are a very attractive couple, possibly looking to add a third. What do you think?  Should we check it out?I read your profile and wow, there is lot to read.
I am hoping I can catch up to your speed.
I find you very pretty.
I hope you will find my poem cute and witty.
I find POF fairly boring, however I  don't mind snoring.
My name is not Don.
I too sleep with the TV on.
I would be interested in chatting or talking.
Hopefully I won't bore you enough, that you'll start walking.
To you , I wish a great day.
Maybe I'll hear back and see what you have to say.
For now I must return to my job.
No my name is not Bob!Hello!!! I a sexy verstile/top ts with nice cock And hot boobs, i looking for a cute Generous guy for tonight, be real And send you pics please!!! Thank you!!!!I followed you home today :)
Okay that sounds creepy, but you live a couple houses down so it felt like I was stalking, but my house came before yours.
However I did notice you coming back around, not sure if it was to check me out or to make sure I really wasn't gonna follow you home
Anyway either you or your family lives on the corner of my street and Ne chateau drive!
I like the lights on the rear of your very dark grey car with tinted windows.
I'm a girl otherwise I'd say what type of car you drove, but whatever it is, I like it, so that's all that matters ;)
I assume you are a guy and probably the same one that drives a truck with the US air force car decal on the back.
Anyways a lil about me, I'm 25, half asian, half white, little shorty that loves to wear heels!
If I wasn't in my car texting you coulda seen my super cute outfit I had on today, but I know it would have been awkward for you to just sit in the middle of the road without making yourself so obvious. Ugh!! I shoulda left sooner. Anyways. you know where I live, bake me a cake and bring it over!! OR just email me back ;)
I"ll be baking cupcakes tonight!! Stop by and say Hi.Your post was deleted. I'm interested. Respond here please!
-----------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------C: Randomly chatted at length with you about various topics up at the bar at Barlow one evening during the middle of last week. We share a common place of origin in Southern California, which I thought was an interesting coincidence. I also thought you were nice and engaging to talk to as well as attractive, and wouldn't mind meeting up with you sometime for a beer or something. Interested?I'm more into you than I should be.  I think it's obvious. 
It feels like you're in the same boat with me.
Now what?we walk by each other a few times every week i think your cute. you look to be about 4-7 month pregnant. dont think you will see this but who know. you single?It was last Sunday. I wrote you phone number on my hand but the steering wheel rubbed it off on the way home.We have flirted, I must be careful. You are so sexy, smoking sexy. You don't come over anymore. I miss you, the sight of you, the smell of you. I regret missed opportunities.To the handsome bartender at Huber's: brownish red hair & hazel (?) eyes. 
You are just so handsome and extremely nice. I should have said something while I was there but I didnt have the guts to with my friends with me.  You came to our table for our Spanish coffee and I was speechless. 
You are probably married or have a girl friend, but maybe not. I highly doubt you'll see this but i figured it was worth a shot. 
Just wanted to tell you how handsome i thought you were. Maybe we could get our own cocktails or something. if you do see, let me know what your favorite beverage is....I was working near you in the fab today. You've got a good build, liked how you moved. Thinking about what you looked like under the bunny suit made the front of my suit tent out. Wish I could see the tool you're packing.You gave me a long look like you recognized me from somewhere, and I likely returned the same. We had identical beanies. Coincidence? You were looking at drinks as I walked over to get one but you scurried away before I could say something, and I didn't see you again before I left. You: super cute, glasses, black leggings, boots, and obviously good taste in hats. Email me!Sunshine => ass. 
Sure: g'head. I c'n use the freekin' giggles and you seem determined to do it!If you see this you'll probably know its for you.   We saw a movie together.  Who was in the movie?  I still catch myself thinking of you every now and then.It was really nice seeing you again at the Christmas Party on Tuesday. The house was crowded but it gave a nice excuse to have to be a little closer. I especially appreciated the strategic location you found for your name tag. I would have examined it much closer if possible.I pulled up alongside you on the freeway. I glanced over and did a double take. You were stunning.  
You were driving a blue for door car. Didn't see the make. You have brown hair and were singing along with the music. 
Wish I could've gotten your attention...Today we sat together at lunch today. I have a strong connection to you and I think you feel the same way.  But being co-workers it is a risky proposition to make.  But I want you know that I think about you and would like to have the chance to get to know you outside of work and have some fun together.  I know we could have some good times!Look, I'm not sure if that was your real name, but every now and again, I would park in the parking lot and you would show up out of nowhere. You'd hop in my car and you would take off your pants. I'd suck you till you'd cum on my face. We lost connection, Looking to see you again. I don't know if you'll see this, but I'm hoping you will. Email me please!You: Super cute, petite, sandy blonde hair wearing exquisitely tight white leggins and black boots. You were with a bigger dark hair guy who you didnt seem too interested in ;-) It looked like you were on a date perhaps? Anyway, I'm sure this effort will not be fruitful but being spontaneous is fun and exciting. I was a couple people back wearing a dark grey pea coat and black slacks. Wanna have a intriguing conversation over coffee or tea or whiskey? Let me know.Hey Amanda,
I still have your belongings.. Please contact me asap or they will be dispersed..
we discussed this at Fred Meyer.  Please reply with what color your suitcases are in title..Saw u yesterday. U are sexy blonde have two older children and not married. If u can tell where we met hit me up and we will go from therei don't deserve to live. I am just waste of space
I just want to die.... I want it all to end                                                                                                      
will someone help me?You sent me the following message a few days ago through a certain social website: (excerpt) "Hello. My name is Tom, and I live in Portland (West Hills, SW Barnes Road/Miller). I saw your pics. You have a beautiful *** I am seeking a Dom, myself, but have been a top for most of my life. If you ever want to offer your *** up for my use..."
We exchanged messages, then you disappeared (or were removed?). *If* you were genuine, and *if* you are still interested, reply to this post (in the all too unlikely event you read it) (1) including your pictures again, and (2) stating *specifically* what my response to your invitation was. We might take it from there?
Bogus replies without  pictures will go straight to the trash.We had a few fun times together while you were visiting from the east coast. I lost your number and wish we got to say goodbye.Hey dude we met up again yesterday and once again you gave amazing head. Should just exchange emails so we can set up times rather than just running into each other like always. Tell me something so I know it's you.Hey, 
You sat me and my visiting aunt and uncle... I tried to catch up with you after our meal, but our server stopped to speak and my family was waiting...
I think it was the next day or day after we saw each other you eating at Maya's and me already late for a meeting...
Maybe you'll see this and we can connect...if not. I guess I'm gonna have to stop by soon :)You gave me your number a while back and we've been chatting. I lost all of my contacts and really miss our conversations. I hope you see this so we can start where we left off. It was just gettin good. You probably are wondering what happened to me. I'm here, waiting.I'm locked out if my email. I have been looking for you. I hope we can reconnect.You had shorter dark hair. I thought you were hot. I'm taken, I think you are taken too. DL? Tell me where we were when I saw you so I know its you.I am looking for a lost parent of mine, he use to be in the military in or before 1973/74 was discharged.  His mother was from the area of Scappoose Oregon.  I don't feel as though I should post his full name but his initials are R. J. Hammons.  I may have misspelled the last name I do not know much about the man due to my mother not telling me anything but were he was from and did just before they meet.  Please feel free to email me on this if any one knows of him I shall answer.  R.J. Johns...Thanks...You were there with your friend Daniel, you told him you thought I was cute. He came over and asked me to sit with you two. We talked a little bit and then we danced together. I loved how your hand felt as you kept running them over my stallings. I meant to get your number, but felt shy.
AmberHey Kim good to see you at the Bondage Club other night.
Thanks for bringing your other slutty friends! It was a fun night.It was nice to meet you.  Good luck with all your painting.
I'd like to continue our conversation over coffee or a drink sometime soon.  I hope you really do call me.  Seriously!
D.And think of you constantly. I hope that you are doing well, I am sorry that "Daddy" cannot be there for His "little girl" like she needs. I would say more but things are what they are.I've came in a couple of times and seen you. you've also helped me a few times but you always seem focused on your work, which I can admire. I doubt you'll see this but you're beautiful and have a gorgeous smile to boot. If by chance you do see this, I just hope it makes your day.Hello Gorgeous, 
I was driving my semi truck approaching the Parkplace interchange, you were driving a black Honda Accord I do believe and you had your son in the back seat, we flirted and exchanged smiles and I honked my air horn several times to say Hi and your son got a kick out of it... 
If you're single and hopefully you read this and you would like to chat and maybe meet for happy hour sometime then don't be shy and say hi!
Put the color of my truck in the subject line so I know you're real and not a bot... Thx
Hope You have a Great Day!We talked last night on okmeet and you left before I could get ur info. All I know is that you are in the Portland area. Hoping u see this...I might just burn it off. I have been wanting you so badly.  I'm insane and everything but you was a lie I thought. If u did this to me to not have ever shared our pressence. Well give me more signs I will burn forever if that's what it takes.You were canvassing the houses of SE Portland on Tuesday night.  We talked for a few minutes and you told me that you had just recently moved to the area.  I gave a contribution to the cause for $116.
You seemed like a nice person.  If you remember me and would like to be friends, please feel free to send me an e-mail.  I'll know it's you if you tell me my name.It was really early this morning going west from Beaverton transit. 
You were in a black coat, wearing cute glasses, long blonde hair with some color in it. God you were pretty. Really wanted to say something but you looked like you just wanted to get home from work or were not looking forward to going to work.  One of the two. 
Would love to talk.I was heading for the Rose Quarter last night and you were on the Max.  I saw you get on and you sat across from me.  I wish you'd sat next to me, I would've made you hard in your pants the way I was.  I had a huge bulge when I got up and walked by you.  Did you notice?Looking for Kelly E. That was the first letter of your last name then, You lived in Rockwood, mid to late 90's, I think with your grandfather, and we dated a little while. I think about you often and would love to just catch up. If you think this is you a few simple questions could clear it up!! 
Hope to hear from you again someday!If that was you in the car in front of my house from 1AM till 4AM Tuesady night, smoking meth and whatever else, playing techno and getting banged loudly, if that was you, stay away. The front of my house is NOT a safe haven for you to do drugs and get banged by your junkie buddies! REALLY?? SERIOUSLY? I ALSO appreciate your new found kindness in letting your junkie buddy urinate in the middle of the street after he banged you IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE! You know I don't sleep well and am up often during the night. You wanted me to see this. Who are you now? YOU WERE ONCE A PERSON I CARED FOR! The person I knew would never do this. Who are you now? WHO ARE YOU NOW?You were the tall white guy with the black tshirt, bald head, glasses, and tattoos.
I was the curvy black girl with the red lips. 
Yes, I was making eyes at you. I should have just said Hello...Before you leave Oregon, perhaps .. just maybe .. you'll put a sort of eternal smile on my heart ...
shy  
you were mesmerizing to me ..
if you see this and respond ...  AWEWe were at the bar tonight and I left you with a surprise pinch.... If you check these send back what i looked like as you were gorgeousAnd you know what that means to me and tou have always been there for me come through for me surprise me because i always get what i wanted from you but it it is always different than i imaginef it to ne its better i like it like that this is how it always happens you give me everything i ask for no matter what i just hope you get from me what uou want even when what you ask for and what i give are not what you thpught because i long to give you joy and love dreams fufiled and mpre always more that i could give you as much or momore for once so you could see how good it is but somehow i think you do all ready cause you told me you said you see things and i know you do its in the way you look at me the way you move and how sensitive you are i love you for it all every little bitI don't know if you're single all I know Is you are the hottest guy I had ever scene. You looked sad/tired and u wanted to say hi but I was nervous. I keep wishing I'd see you again but if your taken then that's an odd I but if your not id love to spend time with you. XoxoReally, you miss me? But you shouldn't? You'll always be wondering what could have been instead of taking a real leap of faith to find out. It seems the only person you are struggling with on trust issues is yourself. Self confidence in ones own self can build up quite a barrier. Leaving emptiness in place of something that could have the potential of blooming. How else can you build on learning to trust one another in a relationship if your NOT TOGETHER?!!! If you were where you are supposed to be then you wouldn't be missing me. 
Sincerely,
Me Too
----------------------------------------
I MISS YOU! BUT I SHOULDN'T! Indian Princess - m4w (Midwest)
It's going on six months and I miss you but I shouldn't. I go through phases thinking about you and longing to hold you close because you fit just right. I miss that connection because it was so real, but again I shouldn't. I still think what it would be like to be together and how I would feel knowing you desire me so much, but then I think of a day to day situation and how I would worry all the time because we could never trust each other and always question what the other might be doing in secret and how that would probably never change and make a miserable life, but I still miss everything and I know I shouldn't!
I shouldn't be posting this but I just felt like it because I wanted to. I know it could never be because we have our own lives and mine being so dependent upon from others. What I have is good and well rounded, but there is one piece I can never fulfill completely, but I shouldn't even know about that because I was doing something I shouldn't be. I am where I should be because it is right, but I do miss the feeling even though I shouldn't.
I hope you went on with your life staying where you should be and building on it. What I also hope is that you didn't continue to go out and play this stressful game with another and left that life style behind. In its own way that would give me peace, but it is something I will never know, so I will pretend that is what you did.
I hope you are happy with what you are doing and I do wish you well! To keep you wondering I will say I hope your mum is doing well and she did give you the right advice and that is coming true today because I am where I am suppose to be and so are you.
Sincerely,
MeI replied to your post asking you to email me directly. You just responded with an email from an anonymous account asking who I am, but the message I sent was from my real account. Normally, I wouldn't do that but it was a hail mary. Obviously, we don't know each other so please don't contact me again. Peace.I miss hearing from you. We were going to meet with 2 of your friends and I still think about using the gift you gave me. You know me I still have the pic of the 3 of us. Tell me where the pic was taken if this is either of you.I walked in the Door of a certain location and you smiled at me. Soon after leaving I regreted not saying something to you.
 If you can figure this out tell me the location and I'll get back to you and maybe we can go out for coffee or something.You were wearing a yellow biking shirt, maybe blue or black pants, with helmet.  I noted that you actually slowed and looked at me as you crossed in front of me to make sure I could see you.  Cheers to you dude, for taking your own health and safety seriously. You may not have known there was serious sun glare in my eyes, since I was looking directly into the sun and if you hadn't been cautious I likely would not have seen you at all due to the glare.  I was stopped at the sign and you were going west.  All bikers should be taking a lesson from you.  Smart, sensible, practical, alive and well.  As they say in flying, see and be seen.  I was pleasantly surprised and rewarded to know that you exhibited no sense of animosity toward me or my car at all, just taking care of business.  Bless you and Happy biking!I was in the cafe, orange hat, eating and reading Willy Week about 10 am. You came in, pink hat, and sat at the next table, looking at your phone while you ate. We had eye contact and smiled. I would like to see if we could have breakfast together sometime.Passed you on the sidewalk with my friend.  You were parked behind me in a white lexus, we chatted at the stop light. I think you're cute. Email me if you want to see it happen again....Younger guy here.. kinda quieter, nice.. with a silly side/adventurous side..
I  love window shopping/grocery shopping because of all the sexy older women..
You ever caught a cute young guy checking you out??? Ever wondered if secret fun was possible?? maybe we can find out???
Never done this before, and in a relationship but not treated the greatest...
I'm 5'7 athletic/thin/muscles, cute face, 28 but look more like 22.. lol. Message if interested?? A discreet cuddle friend might be exciting =P
PIC for PIC??You were wearing Black Yoga Pants...You left, came back inside and then went outside again waiting by your vehicle.
I KNOW YOU!  JUST CANNOT PIN IT DOWN....other than I left the area in 2005 (was married then) and I come here to work occasionally now.
Your so Gorgeous!    Im not generally shy....Its just that I was in a hurry but once I left....I kept kicking myself for not going up to you and saying hello???
I thought I would put this here to set my mind at ease!   lol
I will keep my eye out for you when I come back thru.....maybe by then I will figure it out where I know you from?When I saw you come in I was blown away! You're very pretty! The only problem was that you didn't stay long. You met up with your friend then left within 5 minutes. As you left, you may have noticed my sad face! That's because I was sad I was deprived of appreciating your beauty a bit longer and also not being able to approach you. 
This is a long shot, but why not. If the sad face doesn't tip you off, I was also wearing a tie.I noticed your cute little rig back at the light and I caught your smile as I passed. I'm not much for smiling on chilly mornings, sorry about that, though I did wave.
 I like your style and I'd like to meet up sometime if you are interested. I was driving the blue Ford diesel with loud exhaust that you might not have heard considering what you were doing. 
Let me know what you were driving.For the past few years I've been looking for a wonderful woman I once knew by the name of Maryann. I'm not sure of the spelling. It could be Marianne, Merryann, or even Mary Anne. Unfortunately, for the life of me I can't remember her last name since it's been so long. You were close to my age so you're probably in your late 30's now (maybe 40), around 5ft 7in high (about the same as me) with dark brown hair that use to be a little past shoulder length.
We met at Lloyd Center in 2000. You worked at the Starbucks in the mall and I worked at the kiosk in front of it selling sunglasses, along with running my own business there. You introduced yourself one day when walking past me in the mall and seeing I wasn't having a very good day. You talked to me, cheered me up, and that day we became friends.
At times I would see you working at Starbucks when I'd get my hot chocolate. Other times you would visit me at my store. At one point I think you either changed jobs or got a 2nd job at the Finish Line shoe store. You always seemed full of energy and so easy to talk to. I always enjoyed seeing you at work and always wished that we could have seen each other more. I would have asked you out back then, but you were seeing someone. Eventually, so was I. At the end of 2000 I got employment outside of the mall and didn't see you for a while.
A couple years later we ran into each other at Clackamas Town Center. Funny enough we were both engaged to other people. We talked briefly and again went our separate ways.
You found me again a couple years later, 2006 I think, while I was working at Washington Square mall. You were in a hurry, on your way to work, and could only talk for a minute. I think you said you were working in NE Portland at an auto parts store, but I could be wrong.
Now it's 7 years later. I'm no longer married and have been searching for you for the past few years. I've searched everywhere I can think of, but my options are limited when all I have is you first name (and not even sure of the spelling) and where you worked 13 years ago. I'm hoping that maybe you, or someone who knows you, will see this. If so, maybe you will contact me. Hopefully, you will remember who this is.
I'm not looking for anything more than friendship. I mainly just want to know how you are, how life is treating you, hopefully build a better friendship, maybe even see where things go from there if you're still single. . .
. . .and to know your last name.
-AaronYou were a cashier and we talked while you were ringing me up.  You had mentioned you were thinking about going to college in the city from which I just moved.  You were very cute and we had a great conversation.  My Friend told me he thought you were flirting.  If you were and you see this please say hello.  Tell me what city and school you were going to attend.Enjoyed the chat and cd tips. Maybe we can hookup sometime? Email with something we talked about. Take care,Okay here goes! We were on the shuttle from Sylvania campus to Rock Creek Campus, and you sat on the bench in front of me. I was wearing a black leather jacket. When we got off the shuttle, you asked me where building 2 was and I walked you to it. You were there for your math final. If this sounds familiar, message me what I said I liked about you. I'd love to talk to you a little more.We were staring at each other through the crowd starting early in the night, and all night. We had an interaction on the stairs after the show, but the crowd was thick and we didn't get a chance to talk.  Now I'm kicking myself.  Please get ahold of me.A couple of nights ago we played at Fat Cobra, in the booths to the immediate right when you first walk in the back.  You were in the first booth, and at first, another guy was in the adjoining booth to the left.  I saw you suck him off from the third booth.  As soon as he was done, I switched booths and was DAMNED glad I did.  You then, pulled out your massive, hot cock (has a big curve to the right) and let me suck it till you shot (though you did play with mine a little too).  You looked like a dirty blonde, with a white shirt and jeans I think.  When you left, you got in a white big Chevy truck, that looked like maybe it was a work truck.
I would love to play again if you're interested.NO I don't wonder I know!  I don't have the luxury of taking a leap and I can't even if the door was open and you know why.  I had deleted everything for a reason, at least I thought I did, and I found some things on my computer and at just the sight of you a weakness came over me and my insides felt like they were turning.  I know what could have been, but in reality of my life I know what had to be.  I don't have a choice and never will because I have and always will have the responsibilities that I brought into this world by the choices I made.
I have pushed you deep behind closed doors in the back of my mind and have kept you there so I can try and do what I am suppose to do anad what is right.  It has not been easy!  If I block you out that is when I funtion the best.  Yes I have had bad and good days.  Yes there are things that remind me of you all the time and it's hard.  I have tried to focus VERY hard on the choices I made before you and what I have as my life and make the most out of it and be happy.  I promised myself I would never contact you again or respond to you if you tried to contact me.  Guess what?!  I am the one that broke my own rule.  I was managing and functioning ok and find until I saw your picture and pictures of us!  I told you when it all ended that what I was doing WAS the right thing but you would always be skin deep so that is whay I had to get rid of everything so I couldn't visually see anything becasue it was too hard for me!!!
Since I have seen your picture I have been having harder times again at home with my attitude.  Yes I still imagine you like I always have in my house.  Yes I imagine being able to freaking hold you and have theat feeling come all over me of the perfect fit and how it made me feel and then I realize I will never have that becasue it wasn't suppose to be, but doesn't mean it wasn't real to me!  I struggle ok?!  I hate watching THE BIG BAND THEROY becasue I soon as I see miss Indian girl I get a knot in my throat and my insides staart turning because it reminds me so much of you dammit.
I should have never never never posted anything!!!  I do hope you are well and everyting is working out for you and you are making plans for your life because I do care and it was real before you even ask.  Even though the therapist said our relationship was souly based on sex.
So sorry I posted and I will not do it again becasue I can't do this and you know that becasue you know me!  At least I think you do?!  So yes I do miss you and think of what could have been, but can't and won't do anything about it becasue I will never turn the lives upside down of my kids and watch them hurt as well as others that don't deserve it.  It would kill me!  So once again I'm sorry even though just the sight of you turns me upside down emotionally inside and effects my everything.
At least let me know it is you by telling me what you called me.  I told you that you were my Indian Princess!  What did you call me?
I do miss you and I am sorry I posted, but I need to go back to where I had my mind before and keep it there.
Please take care of yourself!!!!!
Your, ____  _______  man!
Re: I MISS YOU! BUT I SHOULDN'T! Indian Princess w4m - m4w - w4m (Midwest) 
Really, you miss me? But you shouldn't? You'll always be wondering what could have been instead of taking a real leap of faith to find out. It seems the only person you are struggling with on trust issues is yourself. Self confidence in ones own self can build up quite a barrier. Leaving emptiness in place of something that could have the potential of blooming. How else can you build on learning to trust one another in a relationship if your NOT TOGETHER?!!! If you were where you are supposed to be then you wouldn't be missing me. 
Sincerely,
Me Too
----------------------------------------
I MISS YOU! BUT I SHOULDN'T! Indian Princess - m4w (Midwest)
It's going on six months and I miss you but I shouldn't. I go through phases thinking about you and longing to hold you close because you fit just right. I miss that connection because it was so real, but again I shouldn't. I still think what it would be like to be together and how I would feel knowing you desire me so much, but then I think of a day to day situation and how I would worry all the time because we could never trust each other and always question what the other might be doing in secret and how that would probably never change and make a miserable life, but I still miss everything and I know I shouldn't!
I shouldn't be posting this but I just felt like it because I wanted to. I know it could never be because we have our own lives and mine being so dependent upon from others. What I have is good and well rounded, but there is one piece I can never fulfill completely, but I shouldn't even know about that because I was doing something I shouldn't be. I am where I should be because it is right, but I do miss the feeling even though I shouldn't.
I hope you went on with your life staying where you should be and building on it. What I also hope is that you didn't continue to go out and play this stressful game with another and left that life style behind. In its own way that would give me peace, but it is something I will never know, so I will pretend that is what you did.
I hope you are happy with what you are doing and I do wish you well! To keep you wondering I will say I hope your mum is doing well and she did give you the right advice and that is coming true today because I am where I am suppose to be and so are you.
Sincerely,
MeProfessional during weekdays. Classic whore during weekends
Friday is your happy day. It's time to drop professional cloths and play whore to earn living. Way to go Heather L.
Hope you find happiness this way spreading STD. So be a whore to others.
Make sure your kid don't find out dark side of your life.
Truth hurts. Doesn't it.
JeremyYou looked quite fetching while sitting with Mo, waiting for your drink.  I couldnt help but notice you.
I know you noticed me and are interested.
Do you have the courage to respond?No chemistry?  No worries.  I think we may have been looking for something different from each other.  I was looking for "in addition to" and I think you may have wanted "instead of".  You may not have been attracted to me physically.  I get it.  The sex would have been outstanding, but we're going our separate ways.  I really do wish you the best.Looking for Debbie H. Serenity Lane, 1989
I am single now and I wondered if you were still around. It would be great to hear from you.
Steve B.   Coos BayWell I'd like to take you as I find you
Imagine our clothes are on the floor
Feel my caress so soft and gentle
So delicate you cry for more
But you know baby
You know baby does it right
And you know baby does it right
Universe inside of your heart
You gotta let me know
So you can be free baby
You wanted it so much
And now that it's over
You don't know what you want
Put time in a capsule
Two minds consensual
Entwined to perfection
If we could...
Cuddle up close
Lay on my chest now
Listen my heart beats coming down
If you get tired, you close your eyes now
When you wake up I won't be found
'Cause I know baby
I know you're the nervous kind
With so much going on in your mind
Universe inside of your heart
You gotta let me know
So you can be free baby
You wanted it so much,
And now that it's over
You don't know what you want
But let me tell you that, this time,
I'm gonna make you mine
(I won't let you go)
'Cause I know, this time
I'm gonna make sure I look out for me
'Cause you know baby
Well you know baby does it right
And you know baby does it right
You will only end up lost in loneliness
And wake up with the words already
On your lips
So I'll let you go, baby, oh baby
So I'll let you go...
Universe inside of your heart
You gotta let me know
So you can be free baby
You wanted it so much,
And now that it's over
You don't know what you wantSo, how many of these are you going to post?  Your multiple ads all say the same thing (you know, talking about a very specific situation that "just happened today"...every day you post).  I'm curious about whether this line has worked for you.I bought a wallet today. I cant help but think about you. The beauty you possess is beyond all the stars.. you smiled and it made me flush. Have a wonderful Christmas and keep smiling.Sonic's hat and visiting from Seattle. Braces and sexy as hell. Jamal, hope I run into you again. By far the best looking guy in the club and Subway.I am sorry it has taken me so long to contact you again.  I failed to follow my heart but I assure you that my heart still yearned.  While Life threw several obsticles my way that had to be dealt with, my desire for you kept burning and my hope to be with you kept yearning.  
Your images are like beautiful sirens beckoning my soul to open this long closed door.  Door of new life experiences and what could be....  and other new endless possibilities.  I had not revisited your photos until just lately and was suprised to see a change in the profile pic.  It very well explained the comment that even though you have beautiful eyes and those kiss me lips, the male admiration may find it's way south.
I have tried to shelve this romantic and primal urges from the my romantically boring but otherwise awesome life.  I  push down these feelings by burying myself in work, family and substitute the other passions in my life.  
I realize that happiness can co-exist with being lonely, and by lonely I mean laying next to someone who has closed the romantic connection and showing no real  appreciation for me.  I realize the longer this appreciation is absent, the more I have begun to crave it. 
As I lie there at night, thoughts that race through my mind on what I can do to re-ignite those feelings in her.  As I try them one by one, they either fail or create a short term spark which is extinguished, sometimes slowly and sometimes quickly.  As the nights turn into weeks, months and years, those thoughts about improving or fixing these things seem more and more futile. 
I have realized and made the decision...  Good things sometimes come to an end.  Maybe end is the wrong word, maybe it should be Good things come to a transition.  I have the inspiration to let go of that rope, to swim the waters without teather, to venture into the unknown.  Experience the rapids of life or if I am lucky,  feel the smooth tranquility of calm waters of a smart, intelligent beautiful woman who has the attributes that I desire.  So I am going to make that leap and venture into those waters.  Maybe you will throw me a rope.
I will say good bye for now, but thought you might be interested in watching this beautiful rendition of a Beatles song, "If I Fell".  It spoke to me and I decided to learn it on the piano and I would some day like to play it for you.  
Don't worry, I want to assure you that I  know that this whole figment of my imagination is just that and nothing more at this point.  I let my mind run away, with inspiration provided by what I read in your posting and the gorgeous images that beckon me.  It has given me fodder to encourage me to become more retrospective and analyze my long term and short term goals for true happiness.   
That being said, please go to YouTube and cut and paste this:   v=ZW8b2j0fVSA    
I hope you enjoy it.  MeI was biking around downtown on my way to work when it started to pour, I didn't even notice that my hat flew off of my head. It was my favorite hat, with patches and buttons on it. Black. If anyone finds a hat matching this description, I'll be eternally grateful!!! Kind of silly, but it's a big deal. To me, anyways. 
E-mail me with the name on the hat as the subject line please!!I was biking around downtown on my way to work when it started to pour, I didn't even notice that my hat flew off of my head. It was my favorite hat, with patches and buttons on it. Black. If anyone finds a hat matching this description, I'll be eternally grateful!!! Kind of silly, but it's a big deal. To me, anyways. 
E-mail me with the name on the hat as the subject line please!!You were shopping with your friend, boyfriend, I'm not sure. I was helping him with black pants for a party. You both seem like nice guys and super friendly. I believe you winked at me. I almost asked for your number but I was working. You said you'd "see me this weekend". I'd like to meet up outside of my job for a drink if you're up for it.You caught my eye this thursday night. I think you were wearing a red coat but honestly all I saw was your eyes. We exchanged looks a couple times and as you got off the bus I was ready to kick myself for not speaking up you turned back and locked eyes with me for just a moment. I felt it. I doubt this will ever reach but if by chance it does...coffee, perhaps a tea?
Bus 75, around six, 39th and Woodstock, I wore a dark blue sweaterTo the woman who held the door for me around 7:00 tonight; thank you   Our eyes met a few times inside and just as you left.  I like your smile.  I tried to catch you before you left in your Prius, but then I figured it would be weird if I cornered you in the parking lot.  At any rate, thank you for holding the door and smiling.  If you would like to get a drink, tell me what color your skirt and Prius is and what you noticed me wearing.Saw you at the Gateway FM around 2:45 today. You were w/ your daughter??? I spoke to you and told you about my son. Our encounter was way too brief... I regret not asking you your name and  number. I was wearing a green flannel. I really hope you see this and contact me so I can take you out sometime...Tell me what kind of shoes you were wearing, so I know its you.I was waiting to find a check-out register and you approached me to direct me to a stand that had a short line.  The cashier was getting ready to leave and you asked if they could just check me out before they closed.
You are an employee with long brunette hair.  Very cute face and very attractive.  I have brown hair about 5'10 and 170lbs.  And probably had a stupid look on my face because I didn't know what to say.  I wanted to talk with you but you seemed really busy.  Despite that you were very nice.  I wish I would have read your name badge but neglected to do so.  I do believe you didn't have a wedding ring on.  I'm attracted to very nice people and you seemed that way.
If you read this ad and remember our encounter I would really like to talk with you maybe over some coffee or tea?  Maybe a drink if you like.  
If your that person, please reply and maybe we could meet up sometime.  I hope you read this.
My name is David.Im here. See you tomorrow!Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!You must be new but you are just beautiful. I can't put my finger on it. Your name starts with an R and again, very cute. Here's hoping:)I was with my daughter in Vita Cafe, you were with your (?) daughter. She is adorable, as are you. I was blushing so much! Please write...I see you in the morning and you always remember my order. we chat about our weekends and plans ...are you interested too? tell me what I order so I know its you :-)Again, thank you for your kind gesture. There are not many of you out there willing to help a damsel in distress in 30 degree weather. You are amazing, and I cannot thank you enough!We met a few days ago in Houston waiting to board a flight to Portland when I asked you about lines for boarding and you asked if I had priority seating . And we spoke again when the plane landed. Tell me what you said that made me smile so I know it's you.
Not many people can genuinly make me smile, but you did without even trying. I just want to put this out into the universe, so even if you don't see this or don't contact me, I hope you continue making others smile.You were
I imagine you playing while the cat is away.
You are just a few blocks away. 
Too bad the pool is closed.
I wonder if the shake was enough, or if you like figs
Mostly I wonder if you areYou bought 2 cans of Red Mike's Lemonade and a bottle of red wine.  My kids were in line behind you and they were buying some licorice and they made a comment that they were going to use the licorice for straws and you told them "That is the only way to do it" and gave me a smile.  I was going to say something but assumed that your assortment of beverages were for a partner because you were buying a couple of different types of alcoholic drinks.  
You walked away and left the store and we were behind you.  You were on foot with no vehicle so I assume that you live close.  You looked back at me several times while walking.  When I drove to the main road, you were gone.I knew Harry many years ago when he lived in San Francisco but have lost touch with him.
 If anyone can help, please let me know
ThanksI came to cash my check from dkb, and we talked about almost being neighbors! I should hate asked for your number but didn't if you see this and remember respond if you would like to go to dinner sometimehappiness is a decision, and this comes from much pain, 
   thru adversity comes greatness...  
                         action creates change and decicions are the only thing you truly have control over . 
    Decide to take action to change the situation. decide that once you take control you will be happy.  
           as harsh as it sounds , you are responsible for your life ...
    My life is across the street from homelessness, but i took action , i made decisions that to others seemed like crazy bad , but they paid off in happiness. 
     what is right for you will not be right for everyone . decide that you deserve better. say it 
          I DESERVE BETTER!    now follow the steps aboveI was sitting with a friend eating pizza today around 12:30. He says to me, did you see the Pepsi girl bringing in soda? I turned to look and saw the most attractive delivery girl I have ever seen in my life. Nice to see a female not afraid to do manual labor or get her hands dirty. I'd love to grab a bite to eat with you sometime if your available. Get in touch and let me know.I drank one more beer than I really wanted to just so that I had an excuse to sit next to you while you snapped your photos. You truly do have a great smile and I would love to see it again. On my way out I stuffed my number into your hoodie pocket on a napkin. I realized today that it could easily have fallen out given my hands aren't the most nimble with two pairs of gloves on. I would have stayed longer to talk to you, but I needed to go. Anyways, if you find this, or my number still crumpled up in your pocket, I would love to hear from you :)I was walking up the stairs and you were walking down. You were brunette with a blue zip up on and you smiled at me so I said hi. What was on your mind? I'd love to talk to you. This was tonight (12th) at 6:45You are currently staying in Longview at a hotel near the hospital.  You are very attractive. I see you daily. Just wanted to let you know!!I'll be on vacation in ten minutes! 
I'm looking for any kind of woman who can keep my attention. I'm not picky and I love all shapes and sizes. I'm in great shape and would LOVE for some Thursday night naughty time!
6ft
185
Caucasian 
Thick and hung
Let me know!Mt. Tabor, Your friend John H., Stayed with you in Ca., We lived on NE 67th. Are you still in Portland?My lady and I are curious about checking things out, but wondering if it will be worth our while.  We are a very attractive couple, possibly looking to add a third. What do you think?  Should we check it out?I read your profile and wow, there is lot to read.
I am hoping I can catch up to your speed.
I find you very pretty.
I hope you will find my poem cute and witty.
I find POF fairly boring, however I  don't mind snoring.
My name is not Don.
I too sleep with the TV on.
I would be interested in chatting or talking.
Hopefully I won't bore you enough, that you'll start walking.
To you , I wish a great day.
Maybe I'll hear back and see what you have to say.
For now I must return to my job.
No my name is not Bob!Hello!!! I a sexy verstile/top ts with nice cock And hot boobs, i looking for a cute Generous guy for tonight, be real And send you pics please!!! Thank you!!!!I followed you home today :)
Okay that sounds creepy, but you live a couple houses down so it felt like I was stalking, but my house came before yours.
However I did notice you coming back around, not sure if it was to check me out or to make sure I really wasn't gonna follow you home
Anyway either you or your family lives on the corner of my street and Ne chateau drive!
I like the lights on the rear of your very dark grey car with tinted windows.
I'm a girl otherwise I'd say what type of car you drove, but whatever it is, I like it, so that's all that matters ;)
I assume you are a guy and probably the same one that drives a truck with the US air force car decal on the back.
Anyways a lil about me, I'm 25, half asian, half white, little shorty that loves to wear heels!
If I wasn't in my car texting you coulda seen my super cute outfit I had on today, but I know it would have been awkward for you to just sit in the middle of the road without making yourself so obvious. Ugh!! I shoulda left sooner. Anyways. you know where I live, bake me a cake and bring it over!! OR just email me back ;)
I"ll be baking cupcakes tonight!! Stop by and say Hi.Your post was deleted. I'm interested. Respond here please!
-----------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------C: Randomly chatted at length with you about various topics up at the bar at Barlow one evening during the middle of last week. We share a common place of origin in Southern California, which I thought was an interesting coincidence. I also thought you were nice and engaging to talk to as well as attractive, and wouldn't mind meeting up with you sometime for a beer or something. Interested?I'm more into you than I should be.  I think it's obvious. 
It feels like you're in the same boat with me.
Now what?we walk by each other a few times every week i think your cute. you look to be about 4-7 month pregnant. dont think you will see this but who know. you single?It was last Sunday. I wrote you phone number on my hand but the steering wheel rubbed it off on the way home.We have flirted, I must be careful. You are so sexy, smoking sexy. You don't come over anymore. I miss you, the sight of you, the smell of you. I regret missed opportunities.To the handsome bartender at Huber's: brownish red hair & hazel (?) eyes. 
You are just so handsome and extremely nice. I should have said something while I was there but I didnt have the guts to with my friends with me.  You came to our table for our Spanish coffee and I was speechless. 
You are probably married or have a girl friend, but maybe not. I highly doubt you'll see this but i figured it was worth a shot. 
Just wanted to tell you how handsome i thought you were. Maybe we could get our own cocktails or something. if you do see, let me know what your favorite beverage is....I was working near you in the fab today. You've got a good build, liked how you moved. Thinking about what you looked like under the bunny suit made the front of my suit tent out. Wish I could see the tool you're packing.You gave me a long look like you recognized me from somewhere, and I likely returned the same. We had identical beanies. Coincidence? You were looking at drinks as I walked over to get one but you scurried away before I could say something, and I didn't see you again before I left. You: super cute, glasses, black leggings, boots, and obviously good taste in hats. Email me!Sunshine => ass. 
Sure: g'head. I c'n use the freekin' giggles and you seem determined to do it!If you see this you'll probably know its for you.   We saw a movie together.  Who was in the movie?  I still catch myself thinking of you every now and then.It was really nice seeing you again at the Christmas Party on Tuesday. The house was crowded but it gave a nice excuse to have to be a little closer. I especially appreciated the strategic location you found for your name tag. I would have examined it much closer if possible.I pulled up alongside you on the freeway. I glanced over and did a double take. You were stunning.  
You were driving a blue for door car. Didn't see the make. You have brown hair and were singing along with the music. 
Wish I could've gotten your attention...Today we sat together at lunch today. I have a strong connection to you and I think you feel the same way.  But being co-workers it is a risky proposition to make.  But I want you know that I think about you and would like to have the chance to get to know you outside of work and have some fun together.  I know we could have some good times!Look, I'm not sure if that was your real name, but every now and again, I would park in the parking lot and you would show up out of nowhere. You'd hop in my car and you would take off your pants. I'd suck you till you'd cum on my face. We lost connection, Looking to see you again. I don't know if you'll see this, but I'm hoping you will. Email me please!You: Super cute, petite, sandy blonde hair wearing exquisitely tight white leggins and black boots. You were with a bigger dark hair guy who you didnt seem too interested in ;-) It looked like you were on a date perhaps? Anyway, I'm sure this effort will not be fruitful but being spontaneous is fun and exciting. I was a couple people back wearing a dark grey pea coat and black slacks. Wanna have a intriguing conversation over coffee or tea or whiskey? Let me know.Hey Amanda,
I still have your belongings.. Please contact me asap or they will be dispersed..
we discussed this at Fred Meyer.  Please reply with what color your suitcases are in title..Saw u yesterday. U are sexy blonde have two older children and not married. If u can tell where we met hit me up and we will go from therei don't deserve to live. I am just waste of space
I just want to die.... I want it all to end                                                                                                      
will someone help me?You sent me the following message a few days ago through a certain social website: (excerpt) "Hello. My name is Tom, and I live in Portland (West Hills, SW Barnes Road/Miller). I saw your pics. You have a beautiful *** I am seeking a Dom, myself, but have been a top for most of my life. If you ever want to offer your *** up for my use..."
We exchanged messages, then you disappeared (or were removed?). *If* you were genuine, and *if* you are still interested, reply to this post (in the all too unlikely event you read it) (1) including your pictures again, and (2) stating *specifically* what my response to your invitation was. We might take it from there?
Bogus replies without  pictures will go straight to the trash.We had a few fun times together while you were visiting from the east coast. I lost your number and wish we got to say goodbye.Hey dude we met up again yesterday and once again you gave amazing head. Should just exchange emails so we can set up times rather than just running into each other like always. Tell me something so I know it's you.Hey, 
You sat me and my visiting aunt and uncle... I tried to catch up with you after our meal, but our server stopped to speak and my family was waiting...
I think it was the next day or day after we saw each other you eating at Maya's and me already late for a meeting...
Maybe you'll see this and we can connect...if not. I guess I'm gonna have to stop by soon :)You gave me your number a while back and we've been chatting. I lost all of my contacts and really miss our conversations. I hope you see this so we can start where we left off. It was just gettin good. You probably are wondering what happened to me. I'm here, waiting.I'm locked out if my email. I have been looking for you. I hope we can reconnect.You had shorter dark hair. I thought you were hot. I'm taken, I think you are taken too. DL? Tell me where we were when I saw you so I know its you.I am looking for a lost parent of mine, he use to be in the military in or before 1973/74 was discharged.  His mother was from the area of Scappoose Oregon.  I don't feel as though I should post his full name but his initials are R. J. Hammons.  I may have misspelled the last name I do not know much about the man due to my mother not telling me anything but were he was from and did just before they meet.  Please feel free to email me on this if any one knows of him I shall answer.  R.J. Johns...Thanks...You were there with your friend Daniel, you told him you thought I was cute. He came over and asked me to sit with you two. We talked a little bit and then we danced together. I loved how your hand felt as you kept running them over my stallings. I meant to get your number, but felt shy.
AmberHey Kim good to see you at the Bondage Club other night.
Thanks for bringing your other slutty friends! It was a fun night.It was nice to meet you.  Good luck with all your painting.
I'd like to continue our conversation over coffee or a drink sometime soon.  I hope you really do call me.  Seriously!
D.And think of you constantly. I hope that you are doing well, I am sorry that "Daddy" cannot be there for His "little girl" like she needs. I would say more but things are what they are.I've came in a couple of times and seen you. you've also helped me a few times but you always seem focused on your work, which I can admire. I doubt you'll see this but you're beautiful and have a gorgeous smile to boot. If by chance you do see this, I just hope it makes your day.Hello Gorgeous, 
I was driving my semi truck approaching the Parkplace interchange, you were driving a black Honda Accord I do believe and you had your son in the back seat, we flirted and exchanged smiles and I honked my air horn several times to say Hi and your son got a kick out of it... 
If you're single and hopefully you read this and you would like to chat and maybe meet for happy hour sometime then don't be shy and say hi!
Put the color of my truck in the subject line so I know you're real and not a bot... Thx
Hope You have a Great Day!We talked last night on okmeet and you left before I could get ur info. All I know is that you are in the Portland area. Hoping u see this...I might just burn it off. I have been wanting you so badly.  I'm insane and everything but you was a lie I thought. If u did this to me to not have ever shared our pressence. Well give me more signs I will burn forever if that's what it takes.You were canvassing the houses of SE Portland on Tuesday night.  We talked for a few minutes and you told me that you had just recently moved to the area.  I gave a contribution to the cause for $116.
You seemed like a nice person.  If you remember me and would like to be friends, please feel free to send me an e-mail.  I'll know it's you if you tell me my name.It was really early this morning going west from Beaverton transit. 
You were in a black coat, wearing cute glasses, long blonde hair with some color in it. God you were pretty. Really wanted to say something but you looked like you just wanted to get home from work or were not looking forward to going to work.  One of the two. 
Would love to talk.I was heading for the Rose Quarter last night and you were on the Max.  I saw you get on and you sat across from me.  I wish you'd sat next to me, I would've made you hard in your pants the way I was.  I had a huge bulge when I got up and walked by you.  Did you notice?Looking for Kelly E. That was the first letter of your last name then, You lived in Rockwood, mid to late 90's, I think with your grandfather, and we dated a little while. I think about you often and would love to just catch up. If you think this is you a few simple questions could clear it up!! 
Hope to hear from you again someday!If that was you in the car in front of my house from 1AM till 4AM Tuesady night, smoking meth and whatever else, playing techno and getting banged loudly, if that was you, stay away. The front of my house is NOT a safe haven for you to do drugs and get banged by your junkie buddies! REALLY?? SERIOUSLY? I ALSO appreciate your new found kindness in letting your junkie buddy urinate in the middle of the street after he banged you IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE! You know I don't sleep well and am up often during the night. You wanted me to see this. Who are you now? YOU WERE ONCE A PERSON I CARED FOR! The person I knew would never do this. Who are you now? WHO ARE YOU NOW?You were the tall white guy with the black tshirt, bald head, glasses, and tattoos.
I was the curvy black girl with the red lips. 
Yes, I was making eyes at you. I should have just said Hello...Before you leave Oregon, perhaps .. just maybe .. you'll put a sort of eternal smile on my heart ...
shy  
you were mesmerizing to me ..
if you see this and respond ...  AWEWe were at the bar tonight and I left you with a surprise pinch.... If you check these send back what i looked like as you were gorgeousAnd you know what that means to me and tou have always been there for me come through for me surprise me because i always get what i wanted from you but it it is always different than i imaginef it to ne its better i like it like that this is how it always happens you give me everything i ask for no matter what i just hope you get from me what uou want even when what you ask for and what i give are not what you thpught because i long to give you joy and love dreams fufiled and mpre always more that i could give you as much or momore for once so you could see how good it is but somehow i think you do all ready cause you told me you said you see things and i know you do its in the way you look at me the way you move and how sensitive you are i love you for it all every little bitI don't know if you're single all I know Is you are the hottest guy I had ever scene. You looked sad/tired and u wanted to say hi but I was nervous. I keep wishing I'd see you again but if your taken then that's an odd I but if your not id love to spend time with you. XoxoReally, you miss me? But you shouldn't? You'll always be wondering what could have been instead of taking a real leap of faith to find out. It seems the only person you are struggling with on trust issues is yourself. Self confidence in ones own self can build up quite a barrier. Leaving emptiness in place of something that could have the potential of blooming. How else can you build on learning to trust one another in a relationship if your NOT TOGETHER?!!! If you were where you are supposed to be then you wouldn't be missing me. 
Sincerely,
Me Too
----------------------------------------
I MISS YOU! BUT I SHOULDN'T! Indian Princess - m4w (Midwest)
It's going on six months and I miss you but I shouldn't. I go through phases thinking about you and longing to hold you close because you fit just right. I miss that connection because it was so real, but again I shouldn't. I still think what it would be like to be together and how I would feel knowing you desire me so much, but then I think of a day to day situation and how I would worry all the time because we could never trust each other and always question what the other might be doing in secret and how that would probably never change and make a miserable life, but I still miss everything and I know I shouldn't!
I shouldn't be posting this but I just felt like it because I wanted to. I know it could never be because we have our own lives and mine being so dependent upon from others. What I have is good and well rounded, but there is one piece I can never fulfill completely, but I shouldn't even know about that because I was doing something I shouldn't be. I am where I should be because it is right, but I do miss the feeling even though I shouldn't.
I hope you went on with your life staying where you should be and building on it. What I also hope is that you didn't continue to go out and play this stressful game with another and left that life style behind. In its own way that would give me peace, but it is something I will never know, so I will pretend that is what you did.
I hope you are happy with what you are doing and I do wish you well! To keep you wondering I will say I hope your mum is doing well and she did give you the right advice and that is coming true today because I am where I am suppose to be and so are you.
Sincerely,
MeI replied to your post asking you to email me directly. You just responded with an email from an anonymous account asking who I am, but the message I sent was from my real account. Normally, I wouldn't do that but it was a hail mary. Obviously, we don't know each other so please don't contact me again. Peace.I miss hearing from you. We were going to meet with 2 of your friends and I still think about using the gift you gave me. You know me I still have the pic of the 3 of us. Tell me where the pic was taken if this is either of you.I walked in the Door of a certain location and you smiled at me. Soon after leaving I regreted not saying something to you.
 If you can figure this out tell me the location and I'll get back to you and maybe we can go out for coffee or something.You were wearing a yellow biking shirt, maybe blue or black pants, with helmet.  I noted that you actually slowed and looked at me as you crossed in front of me to make sure I could see you.  Cheers to you dude, for taking your own health and safety seriously. You may not have known there was serious sun glare in my eyes, since I was looking directly into the sun and if you hadn't been cautious I likely would not have seen you at all due to the glare.  I was stopped at the sign and you were going west.  All bikers should be taking a lesson from you.  Smart, sensible, practical, alive and well.  As they say in flying, see and be seen.  I was pleasantly surprised and rewarded to know that you exhibited no sense of animosity toward me or my car at all, just taking care of business.  Bless you and Happy biking!I was in the cafe, orange hat, eating and reading Willy Week about 10 am. You came in, pink hat, and sat at the next table, looking at your phone while you ate. We had eye contact and smiled. I would like to see if we could have breakfast together sometime.Passed you on the sidewalk with my friend.  You were parked behind me in a white lexus, we chatted at the stop light. I think you're cute. Email me if you want to see it happen again....Younger guy here.. kinda quieter, nice.. with a silly side/adventurous side..
I  love window shopping/grocery shopping because of all the sexy older women..
You ever caught a cute young guy checking you out??? Ever wondered if secret fun was possible?? maybe we can find out???
Never done this before, and in a relationship but not treated the greatest...
I'm 5'7 athletic/thin/muscles, cute face, 28 but look more like 22.. lol. Message if interested?? A discreet cuddle friend might be exciting =P
PIC for PIC??You were wearing Black Yoga Pants...You left, came back inside and then went outside again waiting by your vehicle.
I KNOW YOU!  JUST CANNOT PIN IT DOWN....other than I left the area in 2005 (was married then) and I come here to work occasionally now.
Your so Gorgeous!    Im not generally shy....Its just that I was in a hurry but once I left....I kept kicking myself for not going up to you and saying hello???
I thought I would put this here to set my mind at ease!   lol
I will keep my eye out for you when I come back thru.....maybe by then I will figure it out where I know you from?When I saw you come in I was blown away! You're very pretty! The only problem was that you didn't stay long. You met up with your friend then left within 5 minutes. As you left, you may have noticed my sad face! That's because I was sad I was deprived of appreciating your beauty a bit longer and also not being able to approach you. 
This is a long shot, but why not. If the sad face doesn't tip you off, I was also wearing a tie.I noticed your cute little rig back at the light and I caught your smile as I passed. I'm not much for smiling on chilly mornings, sorry about that, though I did wave.
 I like your style and I'd like to meet up sometime if you are interested. I was driving the blue Ford diesel with loud exhaust that you might not have heard considering what you were doing. 
Let me know what you were driving.For the past few years I've been looking for a wonderful woman I once knew by the name of Maryann. I'm not sure of the spelling. It could be Marianne, Merryann, or even Mary Anne. Unfortunately, for the life of me I can't remember her last name since it's been so long. You were close to my age so you're probably in your late 30's now (maybe 40), around 5ft 7in high (about the same as me) with dark brown hair that use to be a little past shoulder length.
We met at Lloyd Center in 2000. You worked at the Starbucks in the mall and I worked at the kiosk in front of it selling sunglasses, along with running my own business there. You introduced yourself one day when walking past me in the mall and seeing I wasn't having a very good day. You talked to me, cheered me up, and that day we became friends.
At times I would see you working at Starbucks when I'd get my hot chocolate. Other times you would visit me at my store. At one point I think you either changed jobs or got a 2nd job at the Finish Line shoe store. You always seemed full of energy and so easy to talk to. I always enjoyed seeing you at work and always wished that we could have seen each other more. I would have asked you out back then, but you were seeing someone. Eventually, so was I. At the end of 2000 I got employment outside of the mall and didn't see you for a while.
A couple years later we ran into each other at Clackamas Town Center. Funny enough we were both engaged to other people. We talked briefly and again went our separate ways.
You found me again a couple years later, 2006 I think, while I was working at Washington Square mall. You were in a hurry, on your way to work, and could only talk for a minute. I think you said you were working in NE Portland at an auto parts store, but I could be wrong.
Now it's 7 years later. I'm no longer married and have been searching for you for the past few years. I've searched everywhere I can think of, but my options are limited when all I have is you first name (and not even sure of the spelling) and where you worked 13 years ago. I'm hoping that maybe you, or someone who knows you, will see this. If so, maybe you will contact me. Hopefully, you will remember who this is.
I'm not looking for anything more than friendship. I mainly just want to know how you are, how life is treating you, hopefully build a better friendship, maybe even see where things go from there if you're still single. . .
. . .and to know your last name.
-AaronYou were a cashier and we talked while you were ringing me up.  You had mentioned you were thinking about going to college in the city from which I just moved.  You were very cute and we had a great conversation.  My Friend told me he thought you were flirting.  If you were and you see this please say hello.  Tell me what city and school you were going to attend.Enjoyed the chat and cd tips. Maybe we can hookup sometime? Email with something we talked about. Take care,Okay here goes! We were on the shuttle from Sylvania campus to Rock Creek Campus, and you sat on the bench in front of me. I was wearing a black leather jacket. When we got off the shuttle, you asked me where building 2 was and I walked you to it. You were there for your math final. If this sounds familiar, message me what I said I liked about you. I'd love to talk to you a little more.We were staring at each other through the crowd starting early in the night, and all night. We had an interaction on the stairs after the show, but the crowd was thick and we didn't get a chance to talk.  Now I'm kicking myself.  Please get ahold of me.A couple of nights ago we played at Fat Cobra, in the booths to the immediate right when you first walk in the back.  You were in the first booth, and at first, another guy was in the adjoining booth to the left.  I saw you suck him off from the third booth.  As soon as he was done, I switched booths and was DAMNED glad I did.  You then, pulled out your massive, hot cock (has a big curve to the right) and let me suck it till you shot (though you did play with mine a little too).  You looked like a dirty blonde, with a white shirt and jeans I think.  When you left, you got in a white big Chevy truck, that looked like maybe it was a work truck.
I would love to play again if you're interested.So this is a long shot but I met U at scandals over thanksgiving weekend at scandals, we met briefly U were with a girl with blond hair and a couple guys... Your name is Bob and your like 6'6 and had white and brown hair and was pretty stocky (football) build I would say your in your mid 40's. I can't seem to get U off my mind U were a bit buzzed when we met but U are so nice so so my type. My name is Brandon and I'm 22 dark hair green eyes I'm 5'11 and weigh about 150 lbs. I would really like to get to know U better and hang out. If U would ever like too message me back
BrandonIt was August 1987, we spent the night on the beach drinking schnapps. We kept each other warm... It was beautiful. We were only together a couple of short days but in some ways it felt like a lifetime. I wish I had never left but I had no choice. It is a regret, I hope all is well with you. Wishing you much happiness, DWe shared an elevator and talked about gloves. We should have some coffee and talk more! Let me know which elevator so we can share a holiday cheer!It was August 1987, we spent the night on the beach drinking schnapps. We kept each other warm... It was beautiful. We were only together a couple of short days but in some ways it felt like a lifetime. I wish I had never left but I had no choice. It is a regret, I hope all is well with you. Wishing you only happiness, D,or I hope so.I am tired of people lying to my face and stabbing me in the back.They wonder why I want nothing to do with them,and this missed connection with sanity.I would have liked to do something productive with my life, but it is easier to sabotage someone than help.I did not try music or acting because I hat being bothered,Imean sleaze dudes talking about  their p...y,wow appealing,I tired of being stalked.Sports I weighed 150 when it turned 18 5 monthes later I was 210,late grower besides anyone who has played sports at a higher level know it takes more than talent to be a top athlete.You know I took a lot of flack when I quit vesta,no one has been able to handle one of the blondes,i had to deal with both.I failed I tried I wanted to move on but given my brother,god I could not have done more for him and sistercontinue to see them after six yrs.I appreciate the concern but I have had to had to handle all this stuff myself,and when I look at how other people handle the problems,joelene do nothing,why would I have wanted to take to him?M was she going to admit to stalking me,or others lieing, stealing,violence, yeah Jennifer know nothing sure.when I did not have a hundred people from trying to stop me from swimming I got better in a hurry,when I can find a place to practice Spanish without idiot women like Nicole being rude or that blonde I forget her name or the head liberally feeding info to women stalking me and being condescending to me,baby boomers wow.well I wont be having sex without a condom anytime soon,are the 30 second drunken encounters a lot of kids born out of worth it.will I ever get married or have any kids it will be hard with the psycho and her friends putting me and others in danger, to close with music I was listening to nwa and dr is really masterful to get 4 men together that talented is rare. This note's for you. you know there is nothing special with anything I have done,why would I lower myself to what some people will do or want?If I were there and not here, I'd be snuggsing you and eating your sock.(dirty!) There were be a fire, your head on my chest and one of those sappy Christmas movies we love to watch this time of year (Like behind the Candelabra) We'd have a myriad of coffee and tea cups around us and some sort of Asian cuisine soup to comfort us. 
You are my best friend and I can't quit you. 
LufWe were both skimming through the furniture section at the good will bins.  A few smiles exchanged before you approached me and told me I was pretty. You also made another mention that was slightly funny.  
Whats my name? Your name? And the funny comment you made? So I know it was you. 
I'm always down for new friends. Coffee sometime?Youll probably never read this But damb I wish we could discreetly hookup sometime. U bought the black label simmons.on saturday.....You are a tall brunette wearing light colored overalls that were hanging down off you and a t-shirt. You and I made eye contact several times across the aisle. I though you were very beautiful. You introduced yourself to another woman as Sarah and mentioned that she knew your father. I'm so curious about you. I would love to get to know you.Every day. I miss you. 
Dreams with you. They happen often.   
I read something the other day that I wrote about you a long time ago. 
" Forgive my darling. For eyes open while we kiss, for I've never seen anything so beautiful as this."  
You are still the most beautiful girl in the world. 
I've always loved you. 
I won't ever stop. 
If only my hand was the one you were meant to hold. 
It's not. 
If I could hold you again I would. 
Without hesitation. 
Never a colder winter. 
Everyone wants new love. I just want ours back. 
I hope she makes you smile. 
I hope when she holds you, it's with safety. 
Sinead O'Connor.  
I'm totally over you.You, needing help and I gave it willingly.
Me, married, silly to think there was a connection and too scared to ask you out right.
I hope things get better for you.
What color was your hairband?You emailed already and said just what you said up here, and a little more. Nope, wasn't you! Sounds like you wish it was. These missed connections can be tangled. Mine had a certain way of talking and boy do I miss that sound even if it was nothing.Was catching a train at PDX one day last week......there is a slender VERY HANDSOME Asian young man that works in the caf there......wears glasses.....looks like he works out......I travel there frequently....any chance I might get to know you on a more "personal" basis?????You were cute, and I tried. Seemed nervous, so was I. You were blond I was bearded. I wonder what you're like outside of work. You know who you are, maybe you remember me? 
December 9th, Monday eveningyou were the cutest young thing I have seen in a long time! love to cuddle with you if  you ever want and or need a fun lover. you were very sweet and adorable, thank you for chatting with me,hey we seldom talk  eachother besides that one time when u cut your hair youre always reading a book i notice you but you never acknowledge me I'm use to seeing you everyday on my way to work!where u beenWhen I see a beautiful girl, she must be told!
You at Safeway with 2 friends today. You're blonde. pulled back hair, black coat, red sweat/yoga pants. You are super cute. I saw you in the parking lot. Thanks for bringing some more Holiday cheer to my day.Oh golly. I miss you so much too. It's a shame what it takes sometimes to make you realize it. Lob the distance! Oh the pain...All my thoughts surrounding you
For too long without you
To see you again is all i lived for
and then there you were
And i didnt even have time to get dressed
Just to have us pulling and pawing to get them off again
your face in the restaurant
is etched sweetly in my heart
still beetingYou were so kind to bring me a box of chocolates to my work today!! It took me a second to realize who you are. When I saw you getting into your car I remebered! I see and meet a lot of people in my job, sorry. But after I realized who you are I recalled the form fitting outfit you wore when you picked your car up from me earlier this week. It was very sweet of you to think about me like that. I would love to get to know you more if you would like. Maybe something harmless, like lunch, or maybe something more tittilating??
Tell me my name and what store the candy came from so I know it is you, please. 
Thanks again and hopefully hear from you soon!!!Gosh, my heart is hurting. What the hell's up with that? That's really silly, since we were never anything and did not intend to be, but somehow a nothing is better than a missing something and the softening of a kindness shared actually makes the softened places hurt. I feel kind of embarrassed to feel like crying. You passed by and we laughed around together. There's a hole there now.Sometimes we come here because we are in situations that simply can't be resolved. Not all situations are as cookie cutter as just telling someone you like them and everything is hunky dory. And not all of us just want to get (in your verbiage) "humped".We dated in high school. We always had amazing sex. I seem to have you on my mind a lot lately and my dick always ends up rock hard. I remember all of the spontaneous adventures we had. Remember the hallway in school during your choir concert? Remember fucking in the back of our friends truck while everyone practically watched? Middle of the night at the park?  Good times. If you want, we could relive some of those moments. Hope you find this."Skittles" You're so sexy. That's probably inappropriate for me to say. Fuck it.  I have a fantasy of us sneaking off on a break during work. You could wear one of those bright skirts you seem to love so much. Giving me a sexy look to follow you out.  I'll stare at your ass the whole way out the door. Wondering what kind of sexy panties you have on underneath. Maybe you're not wearing any at all. You know my car is always out of sight and you're already headed to it. Barely out of sight and already unbuttoning your top, looking back at me with that sexy smile....  I can't imagine the rest. Care to help? You'll never see this but that's ok. I had to get it out.It started with a kiss,
Soft and wet and sweet.
On your bed, in the morning,
That's where our lips did meet.
My fingers, they wander,
Gently up your arm.
You feel my warmth, my strength,
You feel protected from all harm.
A soft kiss on your neck,
A nibble on your chest.
Your pulse begins to quicken,
So much different than the rest.
A wet kiss on your stomach,
Fingers trailing down your side.
Both of us exposed,
Nothing there to hide.
A kiss inside your thigh,
A gentle nibble more.
Your body tenses up,
Lifting from the floor.
My mouth moves over your body,
As you slowly undulate your hips.
My warm breath caresses you,
And then my tongue beside your lips.
Kisses up your stomach,
A nibble on your neck.
And now another kiss,
But not just another peck.
My teeth grasp at your lip,
And my tongue teases yours.
Pheromones fill the air,
As we release them from our pores.
I kiss my way down your belly,
Run my nails down your back.
Working hard to please you,
Doing so with tact.
And now you feel my tongue,
Warm and wet and moist.
Your breathing, sighs and moans,
I hear your pleasure voiced.
My tongue pressed hard against you,
Your thighs pressed to my ears.
Quiet with your moans,
Hoping no one hears.
Relaxed, the bed, it catches you,
Your body soft and spent.
And now I collapse upon you,
Covered with your scent.
December '13I'd given this place up until a friend of mine asked me if a particular posting here was for me.  I told him I didn't see how it was possible but had to look anyway.  It's not, or if it is there are some seriously flawed statements, but that's not my point of this note.
The point of this is that while I was looking for the one in question I read several others that have just enough to where one could think "wow, that's me."  Taken individually it's pretty easy to blow them off as chance, but collectively I think it's obvious that they're written and answered by the same person and that same person needs to pull their head out of their ass and contact the person or persons with whom they've got these misunderstandings directly as opposed to playing some bullshit guessing game that does nothing but cause undue strife for dozens of other people who wind up thinking the things are for them.  
Grow up and handle your shit like an adult.  Then, when you handle it, quit making more piles of shit because I'm guessing that this isn't the first time.  If you can't quit making piles of shit then stop dating other people until you can play nice.
Craigslist is a friggin' black hole that will suck those who are clinging to the slightest bit of hope right in over and over - it's a paradise for people who prey on the feelings of others.  It's also a place where those who haven't got the decency to treat others with respect can "tell" people things but then conveniently deny them if need be.  Bullshit.
Now I'm going to go smack my buddy for mentioning this place again.
If you have comments that you genuinely want me to see then REPLY to this posting (do not post your question/comments like some chicken shit because I'm going back to the real world).
I'm Kurt just in case there's any confusion as to who posted this.  The real Kurt and not some poser.
Remember, comments...REPLY.  Better yet, if you happen to actually know me then call me up and tell me.
Happy hump day.  
And yes, it is a disposable email address you will be responding to so spammers/ass wipes/freaky people - don't bother.I'm shutting off this flood of rapture because I have to survive and keep that fire of my own soul burning bright, now I see that nothing is likely to come of what I perceived as great potential between us. But you have my permission to open the door again should you decide that you might want to let me into your life. Love of every kind is eternal and I am glad to have known you.You are a florist in my building at work, I think your name is Dawn but I'm not sure.  What I do know is that your radiant smile makes my day when I see you.  You are more striking than any flower that has passed through your shop.  I just wanted to know that you have made my day on many occasions and I look forward to a simple glimpse of you cheerfully going about your work.You work at a coffee shop on Belmont. Every time I see you, you're wearing a beanie.
I don't even come in because of the coffee anymore. Truthfully, I kinda hate coffee. But you remember my name and you give me this flirty smile that makes me think there's something there. 
You'll probably never see this, but if you do, let me know?I've seen you twice as i pass by on my way home from work.  Both times we've done a double take checking each other out.  It's been a couple weeks since i've seen you as i pass on my motorcycle but wanted you to know it's something i look forward to on my way home.  The possibility of seeing you looking so sexy as i ride by.    Maybe i'll get a chance to glimpse your beauty again.  I sure hope so.  Happy holidays!!!!!!     Oh this is around the brick building so you know its you.He's still contacting me. Telling me how much he wants me...how hot I am and how cold you are.
The appearances you try to keep up are transparent. You're not fooling anyone. Have another drink and a round of Botox. You need it.Wow!!
I don't even know for sure that Ian is your name.
I sat next to you today(10/28/13) and struck up a conversation. 
You are so cute>-<
I got hard just sitting next to you.
I don't even know if you're interested, but if you are, tell me what we talked about so I know it's you.
Would love to get to know you more intimately.  
***update***
Saw you again, today, 11/13/13We were in the same vehicle traveling up the gorge.
Talked about football and a bit of fishing games.
You were younger and sexy!
HMU if you wanna play 
Tell me our final destination so I know it's you.We spent the day together on 11.11.13.
Let me know if your interested in doing more.But lets take a wait and see approach this time. 
I don't think a relationship has ever been helped by reaching out for attention from people that you are actually less interested in. Maybe I should sleep on it and see how I feel tomorrow.Where do you shop? Your post is quite vague. Do you have any other details to offer?I was standing near an entrance, you walked on, stood by me a bit then sat down. You got back up and stood near me again. You will understand when I say this about another passenger who got on later, "bag lady".
Email me if you think it is you, maybe we can catch up sometime!You gave me a ride home.
When we were a few blocks away, you said "God, you are so beautiful". It was incredibly flattering. I'm still blushing a bit from it.
I wanted to ask for your digits, but then that car pulled up behind us and I had to jump out quick. 
It's not often that a young man like myself has the opportunity to meet a woman with such presence and grace. I hope we get the chance to admire each other's visages again soon.I'm sorry.
I made a mistake.
A rash decision.
I care so deeply for you.
Try again?
Fresh start?
No more mistakes!I thought I caught you looking at me more than once.
I don't know why I never said anything.
You are quite handsome, intelligent, and funny. Your chivalrous nature, making  you even more attractive.My friend and mother went to the movies tonight to see hunger games at 8pm the guy working the booth outside his name was Aaron I doubt he will ever see this but we shared a couple of smiles so i thought I would take a chance!I was at the Happy Valley Winco shopping and I walked around the corner and looked up and immediatly spotted you looking right at me. Seemed like we had a moment when our eyes met. You had blonde hair and your really hot. If your reading this then respond back with what kind of hat I was wearing and what it said.I just got off of the yellow line at Killingsworth coming from the Rose Quarter. You are bewitchingly beautiful from your black and blue hair, all the way down to your pointy little shoes. I'm normally not so shy, but I was too stunned to speak. I'm sure you saw me looking at you too many times to count. Hope to see you around again soon...Hey, I commented to you going into the store as you came out ... about your cute dog.  Then added that YOU were a cute guy too.  And continued by saying that you were even cuter than the dog.  Realizing I'd dug myself a hole, I tried to squirm out ... NOT that I was comparing you to a DOG!  You were so sweet and friendly, and laughed with me.  I really meant it though!  You are SO sexy, and also seemed like such a sweetie ... and it was true, your puppy was also darling!
Now I'd love to see you again.  I don't live far away, and could host. Let me know something to identify you and/or me, and if you're interested in further contact. I would love it.
Tuesday evening now...The last couple times I've been there we talked about my night school schedule and my last job. Talked about how going to school and working full time sucks. 
You with the long dark hair and amazing body. You're absolutely beautiful and I so very badly want you. If you read this, please contact meWe sat behind you in the theater. We were the only ones to stay to the very end. I'm the one with the glasses. You dig comics and you're pretty. What's not to like ;)We spoke briefly but clearly wanted more. You could not talk right then, but I want to hear from you now. Reply to this message and tell me why you couldn't keep talking with me in the store. I hope it's you, I am very excited to talk with you.  Please get a hold of me soon by replying to this, put "new friend" in the title so I know it's not spam.and everyday i regret not being someone else. someone better looking. smarter. stronger. funnier.  i didn't feel it so much when you were around but you were hardly ever around.  maybe that's why."They say every atom in our bodies was once a part of a star. Maybe I'm not leaving, maybe I'm going home."
-Vincent Freeman
This is for the man I love. With everything I ever am or will be. I love you and belong to only you. I miss you so much and hope one day I will be in your arms again.Every night I look at the moon and the stars and think about what we have been through . I would go through it all over 
, just to be near you again. I am yours. I always was and always will be. I miss you and I love you and I am hoping you found your happiness .Younger guy here.. kinda quieter, nice.. with a silly side/adventurous side..
I  love window shopping/grocery shopping because of all the sexy older women..
You ever caught a cute young guy checking you out??? Ever wondered if secret fun was possible?? maybe we can find out???
Never done this before, and in a relationship but not treated the greatest...
I'm 5'7 athletic/thin/muscles, cute face, 28 but look more like 22.. lol. Message if interested?? A discreet cuddle friend might be exciting =P
PIC for PIC??Met you on Wednesday September 11th, you and your girlfriend arrived late on the Island and spread your towels as the sun started to go down. I was tanned gentleman with little black and white dog on wave runner. My little dog Misty came up and laid on your towel. I did not say much as you were involved in conversation with two other men. I am interested and would like to take you out to dinner or meet for coffee. Love to spend time on river, go for hikes, walk on beach, ride bicycles, play pool. Don't know if this will work, but have not stopped thinking about you.I am looking for Chrystella who worked at Wild Orchid. I was the older gentleman with the little black and white dog named Misty. We met on a Thursday night outside the door on your smoke break. I was going to come in the next Thursday but had to go out of town. When I returned you were no longer working there and no one would tell me where you moved on to. I sensed a connection when we were talking and am interested in meeting up again for a drink or coffee. Please contact me if interested.YOU WORK IN THE GARDEN CENTER AT THE MCMINNVILLE WALMART YOU ALWAYS LOOK BEAUTIFUL A COUPLE DAYS AGO YOU WERE WEARING REALLY HOT N SEXY RED LIPSTICK MY GOD MY HEART BOUT JUMPED OUT OF MY CHEST I SEE YOU A LOT IN THE STORE YOU ARE A VERY BEAUTIFUL WOMEN YOU HAVE A SEXY SMILE AND A BEAUTIFUL BODY TO PLEASE EMAIL ME THROUGH HERE CAUSE I DONT EVEN KNOW YOUR NAME THE OTHER NIGHT YOU HAD A PRICE TAG ON THE TOP OF YOUR HAND YOU MAKE MY HEART POUND EVERYTIME I SEE YOUyou are 5'3" or shorter, you have beautiful red hair, you are a little thick and i like that , I thought your name was April-hi april, i emailed you but you probably saw the addy and deleted it -- but i think i am wrong , i am terrible with names , 
     I told you that nice guys finish last , and you replied "not with me they dont". I really liked that , as i am just a nice guy at heart and dream of finding that one girl/lady who would love to be treated "right". 
     I hope i didnt lose you for good , please respondHow am I supposed to remember what I'm shopping for when you smile at me like that? Every time I come in I have to keep my head down so I don't forget what I came for.You always told me that one day I'd leave you for someone better.  
I always said that there was no one better than you for me.  
You would say that if you said it enough times I'd start to believe it.  
Now I'm starting to worry that you may have been right.
Sometimes I'd dream that I'd found someone else, and then I would dream of breaking up with you.
This always made me sad in the dream, but then I'd wake up to you and be happy.
Last night I had that dream, but the part with you never came.
I never even though about you... And now I'm sad IRL
I think, after 10 years, our life together might end soon.  
How long till I...Am losing you?You: seemed tall, fortyish or so, and I thought you were handsome.
Me: about 5'5" funny purple hat on my head and hair below my shoulders.
Time: it was just getting dark outside, maybe about 5??
You were behind a couple of people, I think they were women, heading in and I was heading out with semi-loaded arms. A slight hitch in your stride caused me to look closer and we looked into each others' eyes across the gap. I'm single. Are you? It would be cool to hear from you if you are. It was getting dark already, what did I have under my arm?This is a chance, but I winked at you on PS...luvable2014...if you find me please respond...felt you during my blood pressure reading sure would have liked to have gotten into your scrubsI saw you on Saturday night. You referred to me as your "sexy little Santa" and stole my hat to keep you warm while you danced.....I just wanted to tell you that I am love with you stripper (ok not necessarily love) but holy shit. I would give you my last dollar just to put a smile on your face. I want to see you again, on or off stage. Thank you for an amazing night.Saw you walking in today and so wanted to follow you in... I was across the street and had to be somewhere. Tell me what time and clothing you were wearing to verify yourself :).You and I had a real connection and it was very easy to talk to you.
I know we both have other people in our lives, but if you just need a day from the every day
world, you can email me. I would like to think we would make a great pair. I don't want change 
our day to day lives, I just know in my heart I could have a GREAT day with you.
I'm only looking for the women at Walmart, not spam email.
give us a chance for great company and maybe great love making.
What was your comment on Humming birds?Word is out Heather, you are back!! I hear you haven't changed a bit. You are still as slutty as you use ti be. Still going around one hotel to another? clubs and parties?
We like the way you spread love for this town. Getting laid with random people just for the heck of it.
Portland is thankful that you are here now. We love sluts like you!!
You will rock this town. Catch you in one of those lobbies or clubs.You're a Cordon Bleu student and you were either at Huongs or E-San for lunch around 1:30.  You had a bold, pinkish shade of lipstick on and have light eyes.  I was the bearded dude wearing a red and black plaid coat.
You're really pretty and your smile made my day.  It'd make my day even better if you see this and respond.  Just thought you might like to know.You've really helped me to be well aware of moments of serendipity.  Being there, anywhere, and living in the moment- while looking into the future.  I'm not sure if making those happy discoveries by accident can happen twice to the same couple.  If so- than maybe it'll be somewhere other than the gym and at Thriftway.  Be well.You just started going to the studio I've been going to for a while.  You're cute, blonde, you ride your bike.  We had a brief conversation while unlocking our bikes after class, and I've been hoping to run into you again ever since.You taught the CPR class and you are ridiculously cute, sweet, and very sexy. 
Sadly couldn't really talk or anything due to it being training and all.I am looking for the very pretty blonde woman who works at the clackamas town center bath salt kiosk.  I have been by a couple times and purchased once. You have a very sweet smile and I find something very attractive about your demeanor, sweet but with a hidden side.   It seemed like there was some subtle chemistry between us.  If you find this and felt similarly let's explore the possibilities.Hoping you come back up to stay with your parents for a visit.  Didn't realize how much I enjoyed seeing you in tights/spandex everyday during the summer.  I think you knew I had the hots for you.  That is why you were always out in your front yard when i was outside.  Wish you were back up here, would love to get in your panties.  If this is you and you feel the same reply with he name of your dog or a picture of yourself
Your admirer,
"Chief"I realized recently that I like everything you write, the way you sing. I especially like the lyrics from slowhand: 
We rejoice cause the hurting is so painless
From the distance of passing cars
But I am married to your charms & grace
I just go crazy like the good old days
You make me want to pick up a guitar
And celebrate the myriad ways that I love you
I wonder who you wrote these lyrics for? I wonder if she was pretty, or smart or something else. Thank you for making the music you do; it's made my life a little less sucky and I decided since all the men I know suck, you must suck the least.You were the gorgeous brunette with a dark jacket and hair parted to the side, at the table behind me with a man with short hair.As I was leaving in the parking lot I motioned you and your man to cross in front of me when you were heading to your car.I was with a group and couldnt help notice your beauty.You were a beautiful brunette,with your man but i couldnt keep my eyes off of you.Got a glance from you as I was leaving.I have brn hair,medium height blue jacket white car.Hope you read this I would love to meet for coffee if you are interested..I thought you looked too warm to be from Oregon. That was another way to say that you were hot!
The dark lipstick was especially nice.
Care to create some heat?You took a piece of my soul with you.
I still write you, do you get them? 
Do you wake up at night from a bad dream and read them like you used too?
I miss you, at all hours, everyday
I wish I would have been the woman you deserved.
We were so young, and we took things so far
I just want to be in your arms again
I want you to look at me the way you used to, not her
I left because I knew I deserved better,
I deserved more than a two-timing boy
But I continue to wonder why I wasn't enough to be your everything
what was I missing?
You filled parts of me I didn't realize were empty
Now they ache for you
My scars might heal someday, 
But I'm still not sure if I ever will
If you ever wake up at night missing me,
the way you said you did
I am here
I am waiting.You have braces and are freaking adorable.. Just so I know it's you... What did I apologize for..?She used to cut my hair in East Vancouver near 164 but shop moved and I old number I have no longer works. Last I heard she was moving to California but still going to come up here to cut sometimes. Have tried to find substitute not found anyone as good as Ann. Please help me find her.Your post I can relate to very much. I thought for a little maybe was my recent ex but chances are slim and even if it were to be my ex it wasn't writen for me considering the ex before me is already getting comfy in my exs bed. 
Could you maybe say if your post is to a male or female? Or give me something so I know forsure and not have to wonder.You sat on the floor, next to a stool. I had a blue backpack. Got any recommendations?you wanted to kiss me....I backed away. I was frightened. It was a mistake. I wish I would have. I'm hoping to run into you in the lobby in the am:)Thankyou for the time we spent, it was really very nice. LIt can get a little awkward hitting on a woman at the gym... As this is any less awkward haha but it's kind of fun. 
You: purple (very hot) pants.
Me: tall, dark, handsome, beard.I don't know why. . .I'm sure this will never get to you.  I wouldn't think you would ever look here, but maybe that's why I'm doing this, because I know it's "safe".  But if you see this, I'm pretty sure you'll know it's for you. 
I don't even know if you think of me anymore. . .but here I am, almost midnight, sitting up, thinking, looking at my phone.  We haven't talked, and I'm not sure that you want to.  I never reached out, but it's not because I wasn't thinking of you. . .I do hope all is well, and I wish you all the best.  
Just missing my best friend tonight. . .I came into the Starbucks you work at it was around noon and the line was very long. Two girls were in front of me and they were very demanding customers, I heard you tell your coworker as you heated up the bagel they ordered that you were "not feeling it" or something along those lines. I ordered a carmel brle latte and bought a coffee cup we exchanged smile if you remember me I would love to hear from you.You: cute blonde, mind manipulator :), writing a paper for school. How'd that go?
Me: pretty obvious, we were chatting it up a little and was about to ask for your number when Mr. Midwest sat between us. :( Anyways, small chance you see this, but if you do, reply and we get to know each other. 
Sorry for not asking sooner...I see you almost every day, I look forward to it even (but hide it well)
your face, your hair, your nails...  Your figure.. (plus size yummm) 
The things i want to with you...  discretion is an utmost importance so if you read this. and are interested, drop me a line (I might need one to get in that huge truck)To the guy who cleaned up the dumbell area - tall, buzzed blond, good looking dude - and who helped me come to grips with the balance being out of calibration (whoa I put on a lot over Thanksgiving!) ... Thank you, especially for cleaning up the dumbells.  The people in there tonight were especially piggy and you really helped make it nicer to be there.  And you just generally seemed like a great guy.  Thanks again.  Hope to see you there often.All we ever had was a close friendship; I was still married and would never have strayed, no matter how many times she walked all over our commitment, and you had your own issues to work out. I just wish circumstances would have changed sooner for the both of us before we drifted so far apart and lost contact. I still hold the memories of all those conversations dear to my heart. Working with you, and hanging out with you on the rare occasions outside of work, was truly an amazing experience. You are a once in a lifetime catch and I hope your life has taken a better path. I pray found some one for you who could fully appreciate all that you have to offer.  If you should ever come across this post, I would still love to catch up on times past, given the chance. I tried passing a messege on through your mom, but i don't know if she ever got it... if you did get said messege, then i understand. This shall always remain my missed connection. I should have taken the chance when it was there. Damn those persistant morals...
The horses traveled for miles and miles, but never really got anywhere. It doesn't matter though, they were content in the fact that they still brought joy to the ones that traveled with them.Your friendship, your company, you just being around me, makes me the happiest person I could ever be.  Thank you for your friendship, thank you for everything you have ever done for me.  I will always be here for you, and will give you all the things you have given to me.  
Every moment we have ever shared, where the world wasn't in the way, was the best times I could ask for.  Without our crap in the way, we are great friends.  We can have that again.  The friendship can be there, and our bullshit doesn't have to be involved.  Simple friendship.  What a concept eh?  Unfortunately it was you who tried to get me to see that from the start, and it was me that couldn't see past the end of my nose.  I am always here for you, I will never be too busy for you.  You are always welcome to call or text or stop by.  Seeing your face lights up my soul.  You are so valuable to me, and I owe it to both of us to be just as valuable in your life.  I love and care about you deeply.  I always will, its just a fact of life at this point.  I miss your company, I miss your laugh, I miss your face.  A part of me is gone and until you allow me the opportunity to prove to you and show you the kind of person I really am, and not the stupid one I have been, that part will remain gone because you have that part of me and only you can fill it back in.  
I hope if you read this, you are doing well.  I hope someday you can think of me with the same fondness that I think of you.  Here's to the start of an amazing friendship (now that my head has been forcefully removed from my butt....but you always did love my butt :P )  I love you CR.Nope. Not me. I don't own any tight shirts and I am in great shape, especially lately. 
You should really stop playing games though. There are better games we could all be playing than this.Everytime I come in for a wine run for my grandma you happen to be my cashier... I think you are really cute but alas I am to shy to say anything... not to mention idk if you like women.  I wanted to say something tonight but I didn't because a line formed behind me and I got nervous.   I was wearing a hoodie, superman beanie, and stewie pj pants (i know not a really attractive outfit.)  I'd love to talk to you... if you are reading this or you know the woman I am talking about please show her this.  You have wavy blondeish hair, we spoke about different kinds of beer a couple months back, I know this is a long shot... maybe I should just man up and say something lolNot crazy!Not out to get you.
Loved you!Love you!In love
With you!! This has been turned into a Sick game.You said you enjoyed bumping into me while pouring beer.  I think I was a little to cold to realize you were saying more than hello afterwards.  Maybe I can get a second chance...I missed your birthday because I knew I had too. All the same, I thought of you in ways that you know only I do. Always. Forever.You: waiting with two other guys for your lunches.  Me: smiled at you when I walked in to order my lunch.  I sensed some interest.  Us: more eye contact and smiles when you left, I think you silently mouthed the words "good bye".  Thanks for making my day, and if you're available I'd love to see you again.I looked at you all night, you were in these high waisted shorts and could dance like a total babe. I finally built up the courage to ask you to dance. I was in the medical boot, for a broken foot. I told you I had never danced with another girl before, but it was amazing. You were amazing. And totally gorgeous. I live in Bend, you said your name was Ashley I believe. It was loud and I don't know if I heard you wrong. And my name was Kate. I never got your number or anything. But you were, are, beautiful. I hope you see this.We made an excellent amount of eye contact through the flight, but I was too shy to flirt over the guy in the aisle seat and totally missed my opportunity on the escalator. Can I get a second shot and take you to drinks while you're in town? 
Tell me where we were coming from and your favorite happy hour in Portland.
From, 
Guy in 11fI'm not sure if your needs are being met, but I promise I would meet them :)
All you'd have to do is lay there, and let me make you smile.I have seen you lift and train hard. I do too, but cannot help but notice.... 
At 24 in the Pearl. I think you've noticed me too?Fat and a face like a troll, you'll never see me twice because I'm not beautiful. You only have eyes for her, the one already with a boyfriend. And even though I try so hard to make you laugh and do all that I can to make you notice me, I'm not her. I'm the ugly one, the one people settle for if they're desperate and lonely enough.on thanksgiving day near noon
to the cute chick with the bangs coming out of the baking isle towards the freezer section at the interstate fred meyers.
you smiled at me while i was trying to get in the aisle. sorry i didnt smile back in time for you to notice but YOU MADE MY DAY!!!
Have a Happy Thanksgiving!! and id like to get to know you so pls send an email my way:) 
-Sincerely
dude with the glasses n grey jacketI have a feeling that this is for me. The location should clue you two in. 
YOU because you wear tight shirts that show your man tits. And YOU because you took a vow of silence for me.
V.O.S. I told you about him because I was interested 5 months ago. Since then, things have changed. Please stop misleading him. He is a sensitive man. He reads these. He really thinks it's me, and you're hurting my former flame's feelings. He doesn't need that. He's already broken. Let him heal.
Mr. Titty Shirt, I don't love you. But I don't hate you either. Or maybe I do, but I'm just doing this to make you feel better. Please pick yourself up. Wash your car.I know its been years. Just wanna know how you been. Been wondering lately. So i posted here. -cof course it took my mind a few hours to figure out what happened this morning. put it all together and message (finally) received. 
thank you and take care.You were having a semi frustrated time while flipping away on the No Good Gofers machine.  Was going to say hello but you jetted but I busy being awesome on another table.  Want to have a two player match sometime?the older i get , the harder it is to say i am smart , there comes a time when i just have to say -after all the glaring mistakes and missteps --  that i am just dumb. some days i woner how i made it across town , if i did. 
      i went through 15 years with one of the most evil people i have ever met before i realized that she was just taking advantage of my stupidity--- honestly , it took ten years of retrospect before i realized that i was just her all day sucker.
     And i dont bring that upbecause i am bitter , it is just one of the many glaring mistakes , there are literally hundreds, 
       I am not fit to be in public , if you saw me in public , say , at the grocery store, you would look at me and think i was a normal , semi intelligent human , but if you got to know me as many have - you would come away with the same opinion that  they all have , "This guy is just not that bright" , 
       I used to wonder why i couldnt keep friends. i now know . it has taken a long time for me ,but i can seeit now . i am dumb.
      I used to think i was very smart , i walked around with an air of superiority, thats how dumb i am . Now the realization just hurts and i cant even blame any one. 
     I honestly dont know what to do about it , i just took another of well over a hundred jobs --who has even had that many jobs. Honestly now it is creeping into the two hundred range... i am creeping up on having almost two hundred jobs that i have failed at . 
      When a figure like that sinks in ....wow. how far off is the home under the overpass?
  I feel so lost , sometimes hopeless, and sometimes just content to be blissfully stupid. After all , what can i do . no playing in traffic is not an option. i dont know .  guess i will just trudge thru another week and see what happens .I have always wondered what life would have been like if I wasn't attached when I met you. I miss staring at you from across the bar :) Hope you are well.Feels like jealousy got the best of me you know I'm sorry about everything but there's not much more I can do it's been way too long you have to know it wasn't supposed to be this way but such is life if you ever feel like taking a trip down memory lane I'm all packed and ready to go.Oh how I wish you liked me! I want to pleasure you sooooo bad!! If you ever have the need, and no-one to fullfill that need, please allow me. I won't ask for reciprocation :)Nothing to fear
you'll be as happy as you were here
things have worked out
much better than planned..
it makes you smile when fate takes a hand...
and maybe i'll forget
how much you meant to me
and how you were almost my ...baby
..maybe..When and how did this person pop up out of nowhere to say you couldn't see each other or talk? Was it through CL? If so, I wouldn't trust it unless you actually talked to each other and heard each others voice.
What was going on 5 months ago, and what made it a dramatic dynamic?Although you were having a very rough night with sister and the kids, I still enjoyed our conversation, your personality and want to see you again.  Yes it was surprising we were neighbors near Evergreen High.
Tell me what fast food your sister bought at Chinook Winds and then let's talk more. :)J I'm B. I say next to you. You were interviewing and I was routing for you. Hit me up, and I hope you got the job. Let me know your name, my name and your CURRENT age ;)...and your birthday! I would like to take you on a date. Let me know if you see this, and if you would be interested in hanging out or going on a date sometime. You had your interview about 3pm today, and I told you I had to catch my bus, I waived at you, during your interview when I was leaving for my bus. I liked you! Hope I see you soon!I eyed a truck driver today at 1:30 on I 205 north bound just south of the airport and he eyed me back then honked and waved. I think we both know that we'd like to meet. I hope you read this. I thought you were very attractive. Let me know!It's easier for you to walk away, than it is for you to reach out to me.
It's easier for you to look away, than it is for you to see the depth of my despair.
It's easier for you to look through me, than it is for you to see "me."
It's easier for you to distance yourself, than it is for you to really care.
It's easier for you to hear, than it is for you to listen.
It's easier for you to judge, than it is for you to understand.
It's easier for you to label, than it is to get acquainted.
It's easier for you to bask in your joy, than it is for you to feel my pain.
It's easier for you to bewilder at my mysteries, than it is for you to probe deeply into the depths of my soul.
It's easier for me to look away, than it is to let you see the feelings betrayed through my eyes.
It's easier for me to cry, than it is for me to talk.
It's easier for me to walk alone, than it is to risk rejection.
It's easier for me to push you away, than it is for me to be held.
It's easier for me to distance myself, than it is to trust that you wont hurt me.
It's easier for me to die, than it is for me to face life's challenges.
It's hard for me to smile when I am hurting.
It's hard for me to talk when you won't understand.
It's hard for me to reach out when I need help the most.
If only you'd really look at me and see who I am.
If only you cared enough to reach out when I push you away.
If only you'd hold me, without asking why.
If only you'd acknowledge the validity of my feelings.
But it's the easy roads that are most often taken.
And so I hurt alone.Karma. If there is someone you loved,or still do,and can't get them out of your mind,re-post this in another city within the next 5 minutes. It's amazing how it works. If you truly miss someone,a past love,and can't seem to get them off your mind....then re-post this titled as " I Still Love You" Whoever you are missing will surprise you. Don't break this,for tonight at midnight,your true love will realize they love you and something great will happen to you tomorrow. Karma. You will get the shock of your lifeWe gave what we had.... And now we're at a lost.... We no longer speak, I no longer eat, nor sleep. I reached out to you expressing myself, expressing that my past has shaped me, that you have changed me. You and I are different, I was a child of divorce, your parents are still together.  I'm not perfect, nor have I ever claimed to be. You were my rock, my cornerstone yet I failed to be yours. I am sorry my love! I understand the pain the I've caused you and am here to make it right, to set the path straight. Its never to late. Neveryou fisted me at hawks friday night it was fucking great would love to have you do it againLooking for that cute girl with short dark hair reading her book at the coffee shop, you were sitting with your back to the main area. I was to your right.there was a guy that let me go first 
he said "ladies before gentlemen"
if you read this at all then tell me the color of my coatwalked in and showered across from me today around 1:15 - worked out upstairs close to each other a couple of times - LOVED that bubble butt man - would love to massage and then work it over for you!  
Let me know what hat you were wearing, color combo you sported --- etc....     worth a shot because I can't stop thinking of your naked!   ;-)The title says it all . . . I caught your name but didn't get to talk much as we had to leave quite quickly. Respond with your name (and mine if u remember) and where we were at. would like to kick it again maybe! :)So lastnight  (Sunday) you were wearing a blue sweater and jeans, you were tall and had an amazing body and beautiful face.... I kept looking at you and I don't think you even noticed me, you had so many guys coming up to you and talking to you I couldn't sneak in an introduce myself. You had a great vibe amazing smile and so nice to everyone that said hello. I think I overheard your name was Danny or Daniel but not completely sure. If you would ever like to get together for coffee or dinner let me know. I'm 25 black hair blue eyes 6'0 and have a great job car and my own place. Hit me up sometime you so fucking hot.
JordonWhy do you still look here? What is it  your searching for. And why haven't cleared the table with me ? I know it's eating you up.  Do you fall in love so easy?
What are your plans?  I deserve answers . It will help me let go. 
Every Thing i said was gonna happen happend .  So how about 
Trying to be stright with me .  Please.Sometimes I think I see you smile to yourself at something small that I've done, and sometimes I think you're looking at me when I'm not looking. I think you stand closer to me than you need to, and you call for me when there are other people available. That one terrible day when I was crying, you told me you thought I was the nicest person you know (though it was in the context of - very helpful - constructive criticism) and I told you how nice you were, too.
Sometimes I think you start flirting with me and then you stop because you remember where you are, and then you try to just focus on work because you don't want to be unprofessional.
I don't really get what people are talking about when they use the term "hopeless romantic". I am always full of hope. It just usually ends up being false hope.
Reasons why I shouldn't try to pursue you:
- We're co-workers, and you're kind of my boss, though you work in a different area
- I just found out that you have a daughter (and an ex-wife)
- When I start to like someone, I see things in them that aren't there (i.e., returned interest)
Reasons why I want to anyway:
- You're so sweet, and you make me feel so comfortable. I always want to do better, and be smarter, and more capable when you're around. (Of course because you make me nervous it's a little hard sometimes.) 
- We're both mature enough to handle it. I know I can still be professional even if it doesn't work out (from previous experience), and I'm smart enough to be quiet about it if it does.
- I love kids when they're old enough to talk and have an imagination. Seriously. The age your daughter is happens to be my favorite kind of kid.
- You're only two years older than me.
- I like you, okay? I like you. And I think that's all that really matters.
I feel like this is definitely a scenario where I should let you make the first move, for many of the aforementioned reasons (and more). But man, I just want you to know that I am definitely into you, and if you did say something, I would be completely on board.
It doesn't have to be anything serious if you don't want it to be. If you're interested, I'm interested. I'd love to see you outside of work sometime.
Here's hoping my hope isn't false.
AFI wish we were...in front of a fire, laughing, dreaming and loving each other. 
Luf always.To think that you can't say anything to me if we see each other and your look is different. Expecting me to say something to you first. 
To think that your being kept from me by some control freak with a conspiracy agenst me. I don't get it! If you saw me would you even say hello to me?I'm missing the person in my own house. Yes, I've initiated conversations. "you do know how much stress I have going on, right?!" is what I get back. Turns out, she was also sexually abused as a child. All of this has affected our life, a lot. An extremely reduced sex life (sexless relationship category), tension and other non-positives. I am in love, yet feel so alone -- yes, she will hold hands, accept hugs and a kiss but won't initiate any of it. 
What do you do when you love someone so much that you don't want to lose them yet you also don't want to live in the sexless relationship?!
This is my missed connection.You: the charming waiter in plaid and a beanie. Me: the brunette customer in plaid discussing plaid shirts with my friend.
Sensing a theme?
I liked your smile. Feel the same, and care to meet for a drink?You are on the max every morning when I get on at Beaverton Transit heading towards Hillsboro. 
You are tall and have the greatest eyes that I've seen on a man. You stand the whole time near your bike. I sat near you today. I think you are very handsome and would like to talk to you one day.I'd love to have a movie date tomorrow for this movie.  I keep hearing how good it is so I want to try and get a movie in this weekend.  
I'd really like to go to the Regal Fox Towers theater in downtown Portland.  If you're up for it then message me and lets make some plans. 
About me:
Black male
36 years old
6'2
225 
Feel free to message and tell me a little about you.  I'd also like to see who I'm talking to so a picture would be very appreciative. 
Thanks
TreyI blew you after work (5 - 5:30PM ish Wed. I think? not sure) through the gloryhole at Taboo on NW Broadway and you seemed to really like it. I know I did, and you blew your load in my mouth so I am guessing you did too? I told you afterward on your way out that I loved your cock, and it IS interesting; maybe some circumcision gone awry stuff? Loved it and told you so and also told you that I would take care of it any time. We both left the store and played a lot of eye games as we walked down the street but I had to get going so we never spoke again. Would like another feeding, maybe get in the booth with you this time so you can really go at it. Available as you need.
Please respond to this ad with "again" in your email subject heading...I 
...You're 
Just like the sweet apple reddening at the highest branch 
and missed by the apple pickers - 
No, 
They did not miss you! 
They just couldn't reach so high. 
II 
And, 
You're just like the mountain Hyacinth, 
trodden by the shepherds 
next to the purple blossoms 
-- Sappholooking for David. I don't know your last name and I doubt you remember mine. my name is Rhiannon. we met when you parked beside me in Nashville at a skate park. I was sitting on the hood of my black 1995 BMW smoking hookah. You commented on my choice of music...I want to say I was playing 'Cabron' by The Red Hot Chili Peppers. We exchanged phone numbers...hung out a bit...we made cupcakes together and drank moscato at your house. you played guitar for me for hours and I loved every min of it. I'm not entirely sure why I am looking for you...my number has changed and I believe you moved. I didn't go see you before you left. Wish I would have known I would regret that...we didn't exchange FB info...you Instagramed my cupcakes...I really have no idea how else to find you. I doubt I will...maybe I'll feel better just trying and hopefully get my curiosity on the matter out of my system. you have a Beethoven tattoo...I believe you were talking about moving to Portland, Oregon. we talked about DMT and chased fireflies in your backyard. It was 2012. in the spring, I believe...it was a very humid night. I just kind of stopped talking to you. Weird, I know. I started dating someone and thought it would be a bad idea to go see you again after everything. anyway, I'm less of an impulsive mess now. I will have questions for you if you message me, to verify who you are...I hope by some serendipitous ridiculousness that you happen across this and contact me...if only for some sort of misguided peace of mind and  to satiate my curiosity.Hi Amy. Long time. Could we reconnect? I hope you continue to scan CL.
THink of you often. Hope all is well, nonetheless   - ErnieYou were our server last night. You are super cute and probably not Gay. But if so, I'd love to get to know you more.I think I overheard that your name was Trevor ( That's what the front desk girl said when you checked in) Dark Hair, taller guy, amazing shape and a smile that will literally stop time. I've seen you numerous times at the Gym. Don't even know if you are Gay ( Hopefully ) I would love to get to know you some more. Me, 27 dark hair, and I'm sure you've noticed me looking at you. We've made eye contact several times. I really hope you see this.I know this is vague but youll know who you are. Petite, tatted, named Caitlyn.
I think we could get a long quite good.Ok, you were definately trying my properness lol. You were right in my line of sight, and well i liked what i saw lol. We locked eyes a few times, and trust me i was trying to be a gentleman and not staring :)After fifteen hours alone in a car I had time to think, and i returned with a plan. Day late, dollar short. I haven't been good to you all these years and I was ready to step into you for real, for good. Then you told me something and I acted happy for you, while utterly confused. We played on, then hours later it all finally sank in and I broke. No fault to you, you're doing what you have to do. But aside from my "too little, too late" situ, all I want to do is tell you that you're making a massive mistake, totally independent of my dashed plan. But I can't, because it's not my place. This is all so perplexing. You deserve better. You're an amazing woman, I hope this works out for you.
Love you.I wish you would tell me for once what's going through ur mind. I'm always wondering if you miss me or if you still feel for me. Even if not just to hear you say you feel nothing for me ill be able to fully give up and walk away without the wonder of just maybe it could work. I just miss you more each day. Nights are the hardest not laying in each others arms through the night. I want to ask you everynight just to come stay with me. I miss your touch so much. I'm sure tho that he's the only one on your mind, the only one your next to you at night. I really need to know if I should just drop it give up and move on without knowing forsure is making this so hard. If only I could wake up in the morning and have to memory of you.. I don't wanna be without you but I already am..Sunday night 9:30 p.m. in the locker room/shower.
I was drying off as you entered the shower. I tried not to look but I could not resist taking a quick peek and I was very impressed. You should be proud.
Then later, You really filled out your grey underwear as you got on the scale!
This is not for a hook up. Just wanted to say impressive package and it made my day.I freaking fucking luv Yah... cause i.tink.yer.freaky.und.i.like.you.alot ...
..
-yolandiWe seem to have shared quite a number of long stares...and some smiles.  You know who you are, you handsome devil!  I was there with my daughter, you were in the choir.  I tried and tried and tried for 25 min to talk to you afterwards but you were quite busy talking to your gal friend.   Btw, The entire choir sounded amazing!  I'm not the type to post here because when I'm attracted to a man I usually pay him a compliment but you were so chatty and engaged that you've left me no choice.   Say hi, would you? 
Tell me what we were both wearing and something about our exchange as you sang...cute smiles.Please provide an initial or something just the two of us would understand. I am hoping beyond hope that this is for me.I treated you bad. Not on purpose,but still the same.
Everytime I try to reach out to you I'm answerd with hate mail and threats.
You know who you are.  
Please be clear with  me .
I can't read between all the lines. And again im sorry.
Should of handled myself differently . You mater alot
To me. I miss my friend
And miss even more you making me smile.I was being careless and you saw me in the kitchen. Anyways, I jumped out from in front of the window and poked my head back around the corner and noticed you didn't mind.maybe next time i'll come up with a more witty way of introducing myself instead of launching half my beer on you.  ;)  glad it got the shirt off though.  great arms :)where  r u I need ur help im freaking out fuck the bullshit  just please let me know ur ok and help meTonight you told me I have the most GapCash ever. I think you're cute. ;) Let me know if you're interested. ;)You threw me out  near 30 years ago.I gave U leaky Buick Wildcat.
I haven't forgotten you or them J.J. boys of yours. Still yours 
R.D.AJacked you at Mr Peep's Beaverton, earlier today Sun. around 4pm.  You came hard in my hand, I'd like to do it again....tell me something specific you remember, so I know for sure it's you?i will see you again.  and you will be with someone because you always have to be with someone.  perhaps you'll be engaged this time, maybe even married.  i must prepare myself for that because i will not be trying to turn back the hands of time.So, you came in tonight with a couple people, it looked like you were having some sort of study group. I was your server. You came up to pay for your beer. We flirted. Made significant eye contact. Smiled. Your hand brushed mine when you handed me your card. You made me GIGGLE for fucks sake. And then you made a big show of giving me the credit card slip back, and I would have bet the farm that it had your number on it.  But it didn't! Was it a terrible mistake? Did you take the wrong copy? Did you lead me on with that charming smile and your dashing good looks, knowing what you were doing the whole time? Dammit. 
But I'm hoping that it was some terrible mistake, and you're going to find your own phone number in your pocket later and think to yourself "damn, I sure hope that cute waitress was upset enough about this to post on craigslist." Because I am. This is your chance for redemption. Here's to hoping....I came by your cell
   but you were on lock down
     just wanted coffee
       and that look in your eye
         you will always be my perfect fail
                     mISS YoU. CALL ME 
                         ...I'll try not to be such an asshole.
                                                       R$$$Taurus and Sagittarius...
When Taurus and Sagittarius came together in a love affair, their connection was incredibly passionate and steamy, but they should have gave themselves time to learn about the particular energy this relationship generates. They both have much to gain from their union! While Sagittarius thrives when they're constantly experiencing new people, places, foods and more, Taurus can be quite content with routine as it affords them the security they so prize. Early in the relationship, Taurus tended to demand more commitment and stability than Sagittarius was ready to give, but if Taurus could have learned to be patient, Sagittarius could've definitely come to appreciate the comforts of hearth and home.
These two Signs approach life quite differently. Taurus tends to be sedate and practical, which offsets Sagittarius's restless demeanor. Sagittarius had trouble with Taurus's seemingly dull complacency, and tried to rev Taurus up (you know this to be true!!) -- which was about as smart and worked about as well as trying to spark a slow, steady Bull to action! (In other words, watch out for those horns!)(Sorry about that.) Taurus actually has much to offer Sagittarius, though Sagittarius may have had trouble admitting her need for a secure base. Sagittarius can bring lots of fun and adventure into Taurus's life. (As you did...and I miss it so much!)
Taurus is ruled by Venus (Love) and Sagittarius is ruled by Jupiter (Luck). The Venus influence lends Taurus their love of beauty, luxury and sensual pleasures. The Jupiter influence is what marks Sagittarius as the Teacher of the Zodiac -- Jupiter is concerned with philosophy, higher learning, expansion, optimism, luck and travel. Together this combination of beauty and expansion, masculine and feminine energy is why these two Signs admire and sustain one another.
Taurus is an Earth Sign and Sagittarius is a Fire Sign. Sagittarius needs space to move around and flame brightly; Taurus, on the other hand, is down to earth and needs stability. Sagittarius relies on feeling and impulse to direct them through life, while Taurus is practical and concerned with efficiency. These approaches to life can either be complementary or sources of stress if the two Signs can't learn to understand and accept one another. As long as they both take care to reassure the other that the relationship is special and important (Taurus, especially, needs this reassurance)(maybe I needed too much), things will run smoothly between them. (I know it could!)
Taurus is a Fixed Sign and Sagittarius is a Mutable Sign. Taurus is stubborn; once his mind is made up, it takes a lot to convince him to change it. Sagittarius craves variety. If this urge to experience something new strays into the realm of experiencing new partners, Sagittarius had best beware. Taurus does not tolerate infidelity; if cheating occurs, Taurus will be deeply wounded and the relationship may not survive the strain. In turn, Taurus must give Sagittarius the freedom to enjoy other experiences and people (on a platonic level, of course!). Taurus can teach Sagittarius the benefits of a secure relationship; Sagittarius can show Taurus that flexibility is sometimes better than following a set, well-worn path.
I'm willing to do anything.
I love you.Are you Horny tonight??? I a hot vers/top ts with a hard nice cock And sexy boobs, i looking for a passable Generous guy tonight, send you pics please!!!(I have never posted here before, but you took my breath away)
You in checkout at Fred Meyers near 102nd/Halsey. You were buying two for one (You tell me what) and I was next in line behind you. You said you were sorry it was taking so long! I did not mind as I was taken buy your smile and beauty! I could have waited all night. Wish I would have asked for you number. Coffee/lunch/dinner sometime?My MC reads these, and we have even communicated here in an unexpected but uncommitted sort of way on very rare occasion.  Since it is the most subtle form of staying in touch, aside from our psychic, cosmic, and pheramonic connections, I  have little choice but to do it because I am totally and completely head over heels, crazy, yet respectful for and of this person.  This is put out there simply to let my would be S.O. know and remember in the most noninvasive way possible that I need and want their presence, even if at a distance, in my life.  And gently let them know I'm in theirs.  That said, what I wouldn't give to hold each other in our arms and feel our hearts again beating almost as if one; to know that no matter where we are, the ties that bind us are tight-yet flexible; to plan our life's journey together again; to rejoice in each others' accomplishments and to cheer them on as they take on new personal expansions.  The simple act of sitting next to each other in a car as we travel someplace near, or far, to maybe feel a hand on the knee or on the other's hand is at least as fulfilling as a great meal.  Supporting each other during times of sorrow and loss - things people in love do with and for each other.  
So as we go through this extended period of being mostly apart, I struggle yet appreciate daily the love and connection we have, and can take some solace in the connection that temporarily is missed.  
I love you, forever and always, J.  No one else can or will ever be able to fill me as you do.November 18, 2013  |  
Most of us claim we want to be happy--to have meaningful lives, enjoy ourselves, experience fulfillment, and share love and friendship with other people and maybe other species, like dogs, cats, birds, and whatnot. Strangely enough, however, some people act as if they just want to be miserable, and they succeed remarkably at inviting misery into their lives, even though they get little apparent benefit from it, since being miserable doesn't help them find lovers and friends, get better jobs, make more money, or go on more interesting vacations. Why do they do this? After perusing the output of some of the finest brains in the therapy profession, I've come to the conclusion that misery is an art form, and the satisfaction people seem to find in it reflects the creative effort required to cultivate it. In other words, when your living conditions are stable, peaceful, and prosperous--no civil wars raging in your streets, no mass hunger, no epidemic disease, no vexation from poverty--making yourself miserable is a craft all its own, requiring imagination, vision, and ingenuity. It can even give life a distinctive meaning.
So if you aspire to make yourself miserable, what are the best, most proven techniques for doing it? Let's exclude some obvious ways, like doing drugs, committing crimes, gambling, and beating up your spouse or neighbor. Subtler strategies, ones that won't lead anyone to suspect that you're acting deliberately, can be highly effective. But you need to pretend that you want to be happy, like everybody else, or people won't take your misery seriously. The real art is to behave in ways that'll bring on misery while allowing you to claim that you're an innocent victim, ideally of the very people from whom you're forcibly extracting compassion and pity.
Here, I cover most areas of life, such as family, work, friends, and romantic partners. These areas will overlap nicely, since you can't ruin your life without ruining your marriage and maybe your relationships with your children and friends. It's inevitable that as you make yourself miserable, you'll be making those around you miserable also, at least until they leave you--which will give you another reason to feel miserable. So it's important to keep in mind the benefits you're accruing in your misery.
 When you're miserable, people feel sorry for you. Not only that, they often feel obscurely guilty, as if your misery might somehow be their fault. This is good! There's power in making other people feel guilty. The people who love you and those who depend on you will walk on eggshells to make sure that they don't say or do anything that will increase your misery.
 When you're miserable, since you have no hopes and expect nothing good to happen, you can't be disappointed or disillusioned.
 Being miserable can give the impression that you're a wise and worldly person, especially if you're miserable not just about your life, but about society in general. You can project an aura of someone burdened by a form of profound, tragic, existential knowledge that happy, shallow people can't possibly appreciate.
Honing Your Misery Skills
Let's get right to it and take a look at some effective strategies to become miserable. This list is by no means exhaustive, but engaging in four or five of these practices will help refine your talent.
1. Be afraid, be very afraid, of economic loss. In hard economic times, many people are afraid of losing their jobs or savings. The art of messing up your life consists of indulging these fears, even when there's little risk that you'll actually suffer such losses. Concentrate on this fear, make it a priority in your life, moan continuously that you could go broke any day now, and complain about how much everything costs, particularly if someone else is buying. Try to initiate quarrels about other people's feckless, spendthrift ways, and suggest that the recession has resulted from irresponsible fiscal behavior like theirs. 
Fearing economic loss has several advantages. First, it'll keep you working forever at a job you hate. Second, it balances nicely with greed, an obsession with money, and a selfishness that even Ebenezer Scrooge would envy. Third, not only will you alienate your friends and family, but you'll likely become even more anxious, depressed, and possibly even ill from your money worries. Good job!
Exercise: Sit in a comfortable chair, close your eyes, and, for 15 minutes, meditate on all the things you could lose: your job, your house, your savings, and so forth. Then brood about living in a homeless shelter.
2. Practice sustained boredom. Cultivate the feeling that everything is predictable, that life holds no excitement, no possibility for adventure, that an inherently fascinating person like yourself has been deposited into a completely tedious and pointless life through no fault of your own. Complain a lot about how bored you are. Make it the main subject of conversation with everyone you know so they'll get the distinct feeling that you think they're boring. Consider provoking a crisis to relieve your boredom. Have an affair (this works best if you're already married and even better if you have an affair with someone else who's married); go on repeated shopping sprees for clothes, cars, fancy appliances, sporting equipment (take several credit cards, in case one maxes out); start pointless fights with your spouse, boss, children, friends, neighbors; have another child; quit your job, clean out your savings account, and move to a state you know nothing about.
A side benefit of being bored is that you inevitably become boring. Friends and relatives will avoid you. You won't be invited anywhere; nobody will want to call you, much less actually see you. As this happens, you'll feel lonely and even more bored and miserable.
Exercise: Force yourself to watch hours of mindless reality TV programs every day, and read only nonstimulating tabloids that leave you feeling soulless. Avoid literature, art, and keeping up with current affairs.
3. Give yourself a negative identity. Allow a perceived emotional problem to absorb all other aspects of your self-identification. If you feel depressed, become a Depressed Person; if you suffer from social anxiety or a phobia, assume the identity of a Phobic Person or a Person with Anxiety Disorder. Make your condition the focus of your life. Talk about it to everybody, and make sure to read up on the symptoms so you can speak about them knowledgeably and endlessly. Practice the behaviors most associated with that condition, particularly when it'll interfere with regular activities and relationships. Focus on how depressed you are and become weepy, if that's your identity of choice. Refuse to go places or try new things because they make you too anxious. Work yourself into panic attacks in places it'll cause the most commotion. It's important to show that you don't enjoy these states or behaviors, but that there's nothing you can do to prevent them.
Practice putting yourself in the physiological state that represents your negative identity. For example, if your negative identity is Depressed Person, hunch your shoulders, look at the floor, breathe shallowly. It's important to condition your body to help you reach your negative peak as quickly as possible.
Exercise: Write down 10 situations that make you anxious, depressed, or distracted. Once a week, pick a single anxiety-provoking situation, and use it to work yourself into a panic for at least 15 minutes.
4. Pick fights. This is an excellent way of ruining a relationship with a romantic partner. Once in a while, unpredictably, pick a fight or have a crying spell over something trivial and make unwarranted accusations. The interaction should last for at least 15 minutes and ideally occur in public. During the tantrum, expect your partner to be kind and sympathetic, but should he or she mention it later, insist that you never did such a thing and that he or she must have misunderstood what you were trying to say. Act injured and hurt that your partner somehow implied you weren't behaving well. 
Another way of doing this is to say unexpectedly, "We need to talk," and then to barrage your partner with statements about how disappointed you are with the relationship. Make sure to begin this barrage just as your partner is about to leave for some engagement or activity, and refuse to end it for at least an hour. Another variation is to text or phone your partner at work to express your issues and disappointments. Do the same if your partner is out with friends.
Exercise: Write down 20 annoying text messages you could send to a romantic partner. Keep a grudge list going, and add to it daily.
5. Attribute bad intentions. Whenever you can, attribute the worst possible intentions to your partner, friends, and coworkers. Take any innocent remark and turn it into an insult or attempt to humiliate you. For example, if someone asks, "How did you like such and such movie?" you should immediately think, He's trying to humiliate me by proving that I didn't understand the movie, or He's preparing to tell me that I have poor taste in movies. The idea is to always expect the worst from people. If someone is late to meet you for dinner, while you wait for them, remind yourself of all the other times the person was late, and tell yourself that he or she is doing this deliberately to slight you. Make sure that by the time the person arrives, you're either seething or so despondent that the evening is ruined. If the person asks what's wrong, don't say a word: let him or her suffer.
Exercise: List the names of five relatives or friends. For each, write down something they did or said in the recent past that proves they're as invested in adding to your misery as you are.
6. Whatever you do, do it only for personal gain. Sometimes you'll be tempted to help someone, contribute to a charity, or participate in a community activity. Don't do it, unless there's something in it for you, like the opportunity to seem like a good person or to get to know somebody you can borrow money from some day. Never fall into the trap of doing something purely because you want to help people. Remember that your primary goal is to take care of Numero Uno, even though you hate yourself.
Exercise: Think of all the things you've done for others in the past that haven't been reciprocated. Think about how everyone around you is trying to take from you. Now list three things you could do that would make you appear altruistic while bringing you personal, social, or professional gain.
7. Avoid gratitude. Research shows that people who express gratitude are happier than those who don't, so never express gratitude. Counting your blessings is for idiots. What blessings? Life is suffering, and then you die. What's there to be thankful for?
Well-meaning friends and relatives will try to sabotage your efforts to be thankless. For example, while you're in the middle of complaining about the project you procrastinated on at work to your spouse during an unhealthy dinner, he or she might try to remind you of how grateful you should be to have a job or food at all. Such attempts to encourage gratitude and cheerfulness are common and easily deflected. Simply point out that the things you should be grateful for aren't perfect--which frees you to find as much fault with them as you like.
Exercise: Make a list of all the things you could be grateful for. Next to each item, write down why you aren't. Imagine the worst. When you think of the future, imagine the worst possible scenario. It's important to be prepared for and preemptively miserable about any possible disaster or tragedy. Think of the possibilities: terrorist attacks, natural disasters, fatal disease, horrible accidents, massive crop failures, your child not getting picked for the varsity softball team.
8. Always be alert and in a state of anxiety. Optimism about the future leads only to disappointment. Therefore, you have to do your best to believe that your marriage will flounder, your children won't love you, your business will fail, and nothing good will ever work out for you.
Exercise: Do some research on what natural or manmade disasters could occur in your area, such as earthquakes, floods, nuclear plant leaks, rabies outbreaks. Focus on these things for at least an hour a day.
9. Blame your parents. Blaming your parents for your defects, shortcomings, and failures is among the most important steps you can take. After all, your parents made you who you are today; you had nothing to do with it. If you happen to have any good qualities or successes, don't give your parents credit. Those are flukes.
Extend the blame to other people from your past: the second-grade teacher who yelled at you in the cafeteria, the boy who bullied you when you were 9, the college professor who gave you a D on your paper, your first boyfriend, even the hick town you grew up in--the possibilities are limitless. Blame is essential in the art of being miserable.
Exercise: Call one of your parents and tell her or him that you just remembered something horrible they did when you were a child, and make sure he or she understands how terrible it made you feel and that you're still suffering from it.
10. Don't enjoy life's pleasures. Taking pleasure in things like food, wine, music, and beauty is for flighty, shallow people. Tell yourself that. If you inadvertently find yourself enjoying some flavor, song, or work of art, remind yourself immediately that these are transitory pleasures, which can't compensate for the miserable state of the world. The same applies to nature. If you accidentally find yourself enjoying a beautiful view, a walk on the beach, or a stroll through a forest, stop! Remind yourself that the world is full of poverty, illness, and devastation. The beauty of nature is a deception.
Exercise: Once a week, engage in an activity that's supposed to be enjoyable, but do so while thinking about how pointless it is. In other words, concentrate on removing all sense of pleasure from the pleasurable activity.
11. Ruminate. Spend a great deal of time focused on yourself. Worry constantly about the causes of your behavior, analyze your defects, and chew on your problems. This will help you foster a pessimistic view of your life. Don't allow yourself to become distracted by any positive experience or influence. The point is to ensure that even minor upsets and difficulties appear huge and portentous.
You can ruminate on the problems of others or the world, but make them about you. Your child is sick? Ruminate on what a burden it is for you to take time off from work to care for her. Your spouse is hurt by your behavior? Focus on how terrible it makes you feel when he points out how you make him feel. By ruminating not only on your own problems but also those of others, you'll come across as a deep, sensitive thinker who holds the weight of the world on your shoulders.
Exercise: Sit in a comfortable chair and seek out negative feelings, like anger, depression, anxiety, boredom, whatever. Concentrate on these feelings for 15 minutes. During the rest of the day, keep them in the back of your mind, no matter what you're doing.
12. Glorify or vilify the past. Glorifying the past is telling yourself how good, happy, fortunate, and worthwhile life was when you were a child, a young person, or a newly married person--and regretting how it's all been downhill ever since. When you were young, for example, you were glamorous and danced the samba with handsome men on the beach at twilight; and now you're in a so-so marriage to an insurance adjuster in Topeka. You should've married tall, dark Antonio. You should've invested in Microsoft when you had the chance. In short, focus on what you could've and should've done, instead of what you did. This will surely make you miserable. 
Vilifying the past is easy, too. You were born in the wrong place at the wrong time, you never got what you needed, you felt you were discriminated against, you never got to go to summer camp. How can you possibly be happy when you had such a lousy background? It's important to think that bad memories, serious mistakes, and traumatic events were much more influential in forming you and your future than good memories, successes, and happy events. Focus on bad times. Obsess about them. Treasure them. This will ensure that, no matter what's happening in the present, you won't be happy.
Exercise: Make a list of your most important bad memories and keep it where you can review it frequently. Once a week, tell someone about your horrible childhood or how much better your life was 20 years ago.
13. Find a romantic partner to reform. Make sure that you fall in love with someone with a major defect (cat hoarder, gambler, alcoholic, womanizer, sociopath), and set out to reform him or her, regardless of whether he or she wants to be reformed. Believe firmly that you can reform this person, and ignore all evidence to the contrary.
Exercise: Go to online dating sites and see how many bad choices you can find in one afternoon. Make efforts to meet these people. It's good if the dating site charges a lot of money, since this means you'll be emotionally starved and poor.
14. Be critical. Make sure to have an endless list of dislikes and voice them often, whether or not your opinion is solicited. For example, don't hesitate to say, "That's what you chose to wear this morning?" or "Why is your voice so shrill?" If someone is eating eggs, tell them you don't like eggs. Your negativity can be applied to almost anything.
It helps if the things you criticize are well liked by most people so that your dislike of them sets you apart. Disliking traffic and mosquitos isn't creative enough: everyone knows what it's like to find these things annoying, and they won't pay much attention if you find them annoying, too. But disliking the new movie that all your friends are praising? You'll find plenty of opportunities to counter your friends' glowing reviews with your contrarian opinion.
Exercise: Make a list of 20 things you dislike and see how many times you can insert them into a conversation over the course of the day. For best results, dislike things you've never given yourself a chance to like.
-----
I've just listed 14 ways to make yourself miserable. You don't have to nail every one of them, but even if you succeed with just four or five, make sure to berate yourself regularly for not enacting the entire list. If you find yourself in a therapist's office--because someone who's still clinging to their love for you has tricked you into going--make sure your misery seems organic. If the therapist enlightens you in any way or teaches you mind-body techniques to quiet your anxious mind, make sure to co-opt the conversation and talk about your misery-filled dreams from the night before. If the therapist is skilled in dream analysis, quickly start complaining about the cost of therapy itself. If the therapist uses your complaints as a launching pad to discuss transference issues, accuse him or her of having countertransference issues. Ultimately, the therapist is your enemy when trying to cultivate misery in your life. So get out as soon as possible. And if you happen upon a therapist who'll sit quietly while you bring all 14 items on this list to life each week, call me. I'll want to make an appointment, too.We almost met at a conference today, though we did speak a few times.  I made a mistaken assumption about something but I regret there didn't present an opportunity to engage you.  I had a huge attraction to your openness and smiling face.  If you had a similar attraction I'd like to know about it.  I hope you see this.Perhaps the recent the circumstances don't add up to your situation because this is not your situation. Strange to thing that people in a similar metro area might have similar experiences in some ways but not others. But the big picture is this is my story from my perspective and it wry much happened the way I mentioned. And it said nothing about being a free loader or a bartender... I can see how you could however related to the part about being confused. You very much have that part right.I am behind the times. 
What is a sock puppet, please?
[cl wants more, so blah blah blah blah! Blah-blah eh]I waited on you on your birthday. Put your dessert order and the number of people in your party in the subject line of your reply.We met at that place.
I hope you come back next week.  
a fellow knitter
Well shoot CL won't post such a short message so I am typing some more words.I was undressing and eye ducking you in the produce section today around 2 or so. You had glasses on and were with a blond chick. I was on the phone. Hmu if u want to hook upSo I saw you once again today downtown.  You came to where I work with some friends.  I tried to talk to you before and you said you weren't interested because of something I did before, I honestly feel as tho I never met you before that time.  I know this site is a joke, and all.  I wish I could approach you in person, and take ya to dinner or coffee and at least just talk.  Not asking to get married or date, Even though I would like to date you if it led to that.  Anyways I really think you are a great guy, and would like to show you the real me if you would like.  You left something behind today and that is the only reason I'm writing this, was hoping that was a sign.  If not I'm gonna rest this down and just wish ya the best,  I just wanted to try one last time, if anything would love to just be able to say hi to you and not have one of us feel awkward.  Let me know details and what ya left behind.... Or more details.There wasn't a good segue into how we might combine our afternoon plans.  And I generally think that hitting on waitresses is tacky.  So, on the off chance that you see this and would like to get together for coffee and talk about the perils of being a pretty girl waiting tables or have breakfast with me instead of bring it to me...We met, took some photos together and then you were gone.  I was an elf with a bunch of santas.  : )Hey, 
I was chatting with you via email a few weeks ago. We never bothered to exchange actual contact info and I think the CL email forwarding ran out. 
You work at Starbucks. I live in Denver. I'm going away next weekend for a friend's b-day.
If you read this, email me and we'll exchange actual contact info.I hope you had a wonderful birthday. Have a fantastic holiday season. Sometimes I feel like there is so much to tell you. But then again, it is what it is.I know you'll most likely never see this, but I wanted to express my feelings somehow.  I know the way I ended it hurt and I could have ended it better.  I now realize the way I ended it may have seemed cold and sudden.  I feel bad about that.  I always valued our friendship (including before we were a couple) and genuinely think good of you as a person; I just wasn't totally happy in our relationship.  Due to how it ended, I think there may be a couple of things misunderstood, and I recognize that you probably never want to see or talk to me again, which I understand.  I just wanted to let you know I feel bad about how I ended it, and I hope you are doing well.i was at home watching netflix. you were at your place, also watching netflix.
we have never actually met
we just both watch netflixHas it occurred to you that what they all have in common is you? Does it make you crazy glue? I had a huge misfortune of knowing you and having some kind of incredibly confusing, draining, senseless and pointless connection, and all I can say is you are either dumb, evil, crazy or all of it yourself. Immature, infantile and entitled.
First you were nothing but a douche to me since I met you, were brave enough to make sexual and condescending jerky comments but too cowardly to be nice (probably playing some imbecilic negging game), never mind ask me out if you liked me, assumed instead of listening (and all your assumptions about me, what I was thinking and feeling were wrong, especially when you assumed in favor of your overinflated ego), took me for granted, thought you can afford to be rude, cold, mean, didn't show your best if you had it, yet had expectations of me, wanted me to be nice and generous to you, wanted my attention. You were more critical and judgmental of me than you were of yourself. You must have decided you are perfect as you are, while I need some working on, and that your unasked for and unwanted opinions should matter to me. Criticism and opinions was all you were generous with and had to offer. You also probably wanted me to love you because you tried to love yourself through me.
Shouldn't expect anything you are not doing or giving yourself. Shouldn't have expected me to be a friend to you when you were never one to me. And expect me to believe you were on my side when you clearly didn't show it either in word and deed. I'm sick of people expecting me to think and believe what they want me to and not what I actually see, think, feel and experience for myself, and then judging my reactions and emotions. My biggest regret is giving you any attention at all and being nicer and more respectful to you than you were to me. I looked at and talked to you like to an equal while you looked down on me, if I ever saw anything good in you I clearly projected it because you've proven me wrong.
You didn't and don't deserve anything good from me, ambivalence and ambiguity at best. If someone likes you it's because you are nice and respectful to them, no one is going to like you if you will randomly tell them to fuck off (when they are not even doing anything to you and are minding they own business) like you did to me, tell them to bend over, or yell at them to shut up when they are talking to someone else (another display of your craziness).
 You weren't nice to me, you gave me to reason to like you or want to be around you and I didn't. Leaving you was always easy, you made it so. It's unreasonable and delusional of you to ever have felt entitled to anything positive or anything at all from me. This shitty connection gave you no rights to anything. To me this has been like an abusive relationship. Stuck with someone who didn't meet any of my needs, didn't even care, didn't listen, yet still felt like he owned me and took me for granted, like what I want, think and feel doesn't even matter and when I try to understand what's going on, assert myself or stand up for myself I get called crazy or a bitch or a witch.
You were in that connection too, and wanted me to believe it and acknowledge it. Losers like you must love this, it means some woman will have to be with you and love you no matter what, and you can remain the loser you are, keep all your bad habits, don't make any effort, take any risks, do any work, change, impress her. All I felt were expectations of me and pressure. And on top of it I got considered crazy by you and other closed minded ignorant trash for what was actually normal and sane. Got judged and called gold digger and prostitute for normal healthy natural desires of a normal woman, for a strong supportive man and a home and family, someone to talk to, do stuff with and trust. But to a tiny dim mind a woman must be a prostitute for wanting something natural, traditional and healthy. Rather than face and admit you are a failure as such a man and got nothing to offer and too lazy, selfish, cheap, irresponsible and dumb to change and make it happen, you instead choose to make the woman out to be wrong to want what she naturally wants. Funny how you are the one who is actually a freeloader, getting free shows at your lame ass 'job' you are so proud of and don't even do that well (some slop you microwaved me once was half frozen and had to be thrown out, and you suck as a bartender to, choosing the ugliest glass, must be representative of how you see yourself and what you got to offer, whatever is ugliest, cheapest, of the worst quality), imagining girls are getting naked for you, trying to score.
Me trying to communicate was totally sane. Need for expression of thoughts and feelings and desire and attempts to communicate are sane. Your responses were not. You wouldn't talk to me but were comfy yapping about me behind my back and judging me. If you met me halfway I wouldn't even end up here, wouldn't end up exposed to all kinds of crap and a lot of shit wouldn't happen.You were content to leave me hanging and confused and were feeding off my energy along with all other rubbish, wanting me stay just like that, giving while getting nothing and nowhere. I tried talking to you directly, but you either brushed me off, or were not interested when it wasn't what you wanted to hear, yet wanted me to stay and practically threw tantrums when I was leaving, like you are the baby and I'm your mommy, abandoning you.
 You judged feelings you assumed I had instead. After I left and this shit was still dragging on I came back once, you asked me for my email, I got yours too. I emailed you a couple of times, mistaking you for a normal person who'd have at least common courtesy to reply,  and you not only never replied, you went blabbing to others that I wrote, what I wrote, and told someone we knew in common, who you knew would get it back to me, that you didn't reply because you didn't feel like it. Either you are the biggest craziest most evil petty backstabbing douche there is and unaware of it, or tried to show your worst to me for some reason. You must want to experience it all yourself, because it's all you deserve and got coming. 
So get it through your prematurely bald, drug, alcohol, tobacco and porn soaked head: if you think you are God's gift and a woman should take and love you as you are, you are delusional. You are lowlife dregs, pig happy in its sty, rolling in dirt, and anyone who comes near you only gets dirty. You look and smell like a hobo. The only reason you may not know this or care is because you are surrounded by dregs like you, they are the ones who 'like' every moronic comment you make, you all share one defective braincell. And your parents did you no favors by spoiling you and not raising you a man, not teaching respect for women and responsibility. Instead you ended up some infantile blob without a core, you can't even sit up straight, not just bald but hunchback in the making, you really shouldn't make fun of others considering how pathetic you are.
Peter Pans are not attractive and not sexy. Any male who makes me feel like I'm his mother or a bigger man is not a man to me. And what I value is not some worthless confusing energy connection which only makes me feel alone and ungrounded, and another person who is involved in this connection gives no help, support and answers even when he can easily and even uses it to hurt me, and on top of it has the nerve to have expectations of me and blame and accuse and judge me. I live in the physical body, in the material world, and there are physical, emotional and mental needs, and they all matter. If connection is with someone who doesn't acknowledge and doesn't understand, care about and meet any of those needs, this connection is piece of shit and can go to hell. If I can't talk to someone and get a response and can't trust them, this connection doesn't matter at all, whatever is it. This is dead end and done nothing but harm. Things have only meaning that's attached to them, and I can only attach meaning based on your behavior towards me on the physical world, what it's been since we met. Forgiveness and letting go don't mean putting up with someone's shit. I can forgive but I will not allow anyone who hurt me, especially intentionally, to be in my life. 
Oh, and you know how when someone asked you about me you told them first that you don't know me and then that you want nothing to do with me (which didn't stop you from later asking me to come back and for my contact info, you two faced evil troll)? Well, you can eat your words. I want nothing to do with you. I despise you. Not only you were a douche to my face, in words and actions, I know everything you said behind my back too. You have no reason to imagine yourself an innocent victim entitled to something good here. You are the one who is crazy. You don't deserve love and happiness and I certainly don't associativity you with happiness and will never contribute to yours. You don't deserve to be treated better than you treated me and get more respect and consideration than you gave to me and to women in general. My reward for all this is to be totally free of you, for you to be totally erased from my consciousness and never come across you again for all eternity.
You are so not worth this huge waste of energy...  I would never choose you. And if it's not a choice and I have no control and no say and get stuck with a douche, even if just energetically, then I'll remove as much of myself as I can from this. Consider me dead to you. Screw 'destiny'.we laughed, we cried, we talked about everything.  we spent hours together.   you grew on me real quick.  you were my best friend and I was falling in love with you.  I really was.
you didn't want me in the end.  that hurts most.  pathetically, I watch "something borrowed" over and over.  wishing you would want to make me number 1.
life goes on though and perhaps it just wasn't meant to beI don't know if you are that nice to everyone who comes through your line. You are definetly a genuine person, hope you get to stay in and make cookies like you wanted to.
Un Abrazo.I always smile, I always say hello, please and thank you. I always have fun shoes on, and 2 full sleeves of tattoos makes me very noticeable. I'm tall, pretty easy on the eyes, not overweight, very good job too! . I'm approachable. So why not get to know me, can I buy you a beer?I'm sorry that I lied for a year and hurt you like I did.  I never loved her and only loved you!  I felt such a strong connection to you and that's why I went after you so strong.  We had such a great life together and I destroyed it for physical contact.  I hope you read this and realize I've always loved you and hope for forgiveness.  I long to hold my baby forever and kiss you everyday till the end.
Love you BYou told me that you didn't want to choose between me and Her. I told you I understood and that I was okay with you choosing Her.
But I miss you. And you're still so close. 
I still love you, and always will.Sat: afternoon, met a nice older black man, there. we both sucked, and I got you off. Would love to meet again.First time posting a missed connection, but I just wanted you to know you were pretty cute. If by chance you read this and remember a guy commenting on your empty shopping cart, you should say hello. You are probably not single, but you never know.
Happy Holidays!Shout out to the hot thin blonde with a perfect huge rack on her tiny little body that walks fast around the neighborhoods!  Wow she is hot!!  I'm guessing she is 35?  Blonde hair and sexy legs.    Thanks for turning heads wherever you walk!He doesn't want you!
If he did, he would be with you!
It's time to move on my dearFirst, thank you for the compliment. 
Second, I don't think most women are out to mess
With your head. I have seen a trend of people throwing
Psychological labels around like they are nothing and 
It really bothers me. I think its bull and it is not just men
Doing it, women too. Why? Lame in my opinion...so many 
Haters. 
Just be real, be you and be a good person.You
Blond, tall, fit with an easy smile, shopping with your adorable son at New Seasons. You carried yourself with an understated pride that is extremely sexy, there is a slow burn of intensity about you that suggests you have stories to tell and secrets to share. 
Me
Finding very little to be thankful for and a bit out of sorts. Apologies rendered and a regrettable past behind me I seek redemption in your smile, those eyes, a flick of your hair, the potential accidental touch as I hold a door for your, and the waft of scented air as you brush past. Let's have coffee what could it hurt and I promise I will let you know if a poppy seed from your muffin gets caught in your teeth.We met at the Thirsty Lion at the bar. You with your friend. Me with my two friends. You showed me pictures of you and your daughter getting a tree. I was an idiot not to ask for your #. You are beautiful and full of life. You work at Adidas. You used to work at Patagonia in california.I suppose this story starts several years ago. We met and you reached out to me unexpectedly. We got to know each other over many coffee's and cigarettes. My intention was to make a good friend, as the number of female friends in my life had dwindled at that point. We had enough in common that it was nice to find common ground, though about certain things we were both guarded. 
Time passed, a couple of years later at midnight you texted me. I met you and we spent the night together. Something I have mixed feelings about. Somewhere along the line I developed some sort of feelings for you, the thing is I could never care for you the way I care for another, who incidentally I haven't seen in a decade. And though that ship has sailed, it is and always will be the one moment in my life I will always regret. 
From that point on you flitter in and out of my life. Realistically in retrospect it always seemed that I saw you again when things got tough for you. Finally I told you I had feelings of some level for you and said that I didn't want to get hurt. Deep down I knew that that would probably drive you away. Perhaps that's what I wanted or even expected. In the end, this is probably the way this was always meant to play out. And as always my feelings are quite mixed on the matter. I suppose that's what happens when you have the emotional depth of a 10 year old. If I hurt you or made you uncomfortable in any way I do apologize. Best of luck.T! yes life goes on. ...and our amazing connection continues to blaze! please talk with me and find context for our staggering world. as you have said- it`s never far away... keep doing what you want- I just can`t lose you!I sense a mutual attraction-wonder if there is mutual sexual curiosity.? Discretely curious and naughty? Satisfaction guaranteedI was the one driving the van that you guys got into.
Not sure if you are interested, or even into guys, but if you are let me know.
I thought the both of you were sexy!
Let me know something specific like time or something so I know its you please.Looking for Pedro Diaz from nayarit mex around 41 yo If u know of him let me know he used to live in CorneliusAlba things have changed and I hope I'm not too late to have that drink with you sometime. Please get in touch with me,
RandyYou are a guy. You are all so damned young, anyway. Good business strategy, that. I am way too damned old. You have made a comment or two to let me know I'm not so old that I'm dead. Thanks. Your eye contact is always alive, you are sweet and kind and show an interest that is right for customer service but also truly friendly beyond that. I am always embarrassed to look into your eyes because once, many months ago, you made a comment about being able to tell I'm not just some dead-inside, over the hill person (my words - yours included some version of "feist") and at times you take some trouble to talk to me. I don't see you guys so much anymore. But regularly. Suppose I am just saying thanks and jeez I hope that my clear interest and humor is not embarrassing or suffocating for you. I would if we were gonna. But we ain't, so I won't.We never were good for each other.... You're in my thoughts and dreams since the other day, this is leaving me a little confused............I see you everyday at work. We spend a lot of time together at work. It is clear I am flirting with you and you return it to me. I havent said anything because of company policy and both of our personal lives (until recently). Your eyes amaze me and your body drives me crazy. I can only think how wonderful you are when im around you. I have tried to stop myself from flirting so much but it is so hard. We text sometimes. you have shared a lot about your life including an event that took place on thursday which caused you to take a "break" outside. We work in the johns landing area.
If you think I am talking about you answer these questions:
How many times have I been to your place:
What did we do at your place:
What is your first name:
What is the tattoo you have on your waist area and which side:
Where did you go on friday (12/7/13):
Send me a picture to help confirm.I frequently come by on my way to or from work.. We chat.. You are so freaking adorable!  
I recently found out that you are a student, and you found out that I work every day...
I know you're married, and I'm probably too old, but if you ever want to chat...girl that works the pizza counter tonight had a braid like princess laya. i was with a specific group if you see this hit me up...Just came into the store around 11pm ... you greeted  me
with a giant smile came over and was wanting to help lol then you helped me pick out lube...you had on a blue button up shirt and jeans ...you had glasses dark hair and kind of tall... your smile was amazing and if you remember me  lets do coffee or something tell me what kind of lube I got lol....To you. That is all. And now I shall ramble on to meet craigslists character minimum. Ramble ramble rambleI met you at Steam around 9pm.  You gave me a BJ that blew my mind.  You had a great beard and a slim body.  Tell me something about me or something I said....if you ever wanted to do this again I would be totally into it.  I should have given you my info before leaving.  Bad mistake on my part....Saw you tonight at JOQ's wearing the brown sweater and the plaid shirt; looking so hot! Got your name from a friend. Tell me your name and you can hit this as much as you want!I didn't get a chance to give you my number, I know this is along shot. We were at the rumble, you stood next to means we were on the far right of the bar watching the fights, our hands intertwined. I was to shy to full turn around, but I know you werewearingba hat and you chew. 
If you know me can you remover my sweatshirt I was wearing ? Or if you know a description of my friend. So I k ow its you :) 
Rumble girlI see you most every morning on the train, you usually have a camo jacket on, and a lunch pail. Just wanted to say you have a gorgeous smile and killer eyes.how do you know it wasn't meant to be in this lifetime? the next one seems an awful long time to wait. this ding dang internet machine is so adept at bringing people together...even more so at tearing them apart...i'm reluctant to give advice to anyone but maybe you should reach out and tell this person....they might be hoping you would.There are only two ways I know of to get things in life, you either work for it, or you ask for it.  Like when you asked me for a fresh start, well almost, because I cut you off saying don't worry about it, it's ok, it's all in the past now, and I still care about you very much, I always have. I said that under the presumption that you had changed the way you feel about me. I'm sorry you did not. I'm sorry that you were so bored and desperate in your own life that you had to chew up the few dreams that remained in mine, and spit out what was left, in my face. Thanks for my fresh start I asked you for.  That's sarcasm, because you never gave it to me.  I never expected you to return anything I gave you but respect.  You could've denied me a fresh start without being a total cunt.Hello there, was perusing this fine website and pondering its efficacy.  Has anyone on here found success in their missed connection posts?  That is to say, what sort of responses have you received?  I am conducting a study and would love your feedback, stories, and experiences. Anything at all would be interesting and helpful, whether it be of a positive or negative nature.  Thanks!Hi we chatted in the boones ferry starbucks friday afternoon.  You had ran to the bank and than popped in for coffee.  We talked about how cold it was and that you had forgotten your Jacket at work.
you were wearing a sweater and jeans.  I was the guy in glasses and the warm black coat.
would love to get to know you over a venti..  different location though as that ones too close to wifes work...we both are both working there. I'm vendor and you work security. You're really cute.  You won't see this but maybe if you see this... can  you tell me what I am selling?Hey gurls I am looking to meet the right gurl to hang out with. I am 37 175# smooth and clean shaven. I like to dress like a women, wig, make-up and love womens lingerie. looking for someone like minded age and body shape is no worry to me. hoping to meet someone like me, we can e-mail to get to know each other I can host if we hit it off. I was thinking you come over and watch some shemale porn and see were it goes from there. 420 and married a plus I will send pics to only serious CD's.We tried new things.
There is the hint that will tell you I am here.
If this is you of course I remember you.
What piercing do you have?
I dont use any old emails use this one.I see you in the mornings a few times a week on my way to work,... Admittedly, I usually get my coffee just so I can see you before I start my day.  I wish we could meet up outside of those circumstances, you seem like such a cool guy that could be a lot of fun to have around.
With my luck, you're probably taken and have no idea I'm crushing on you and probably won't even see this post.  But in case I'm wrong, maybe we could hang out sometime... And if you're wondering who I am ... well here's a hint... I drive a vehicle you want to have and I get the same special iced coffee every time ;)
We're on a first name basis, I've been going there for quite some time now.
And if you're wondering if you're him... Your name starts with a J and the car you drive also starts with a JTie the knot and let it go, lost in time the forever flow. Pain inside it hurts so deep the scars I hold will always keep. We once were one but you had that undone. You no longer could stay I wish I could say, But my heart still hold the wicked past locking me up in winters toll that I can never pay. Why is it so hard to let go? The pain you brought it still ever grows. I am lost, cold, with no heart to keep.  When will the summer come to melt me from the frozen cove?Saw you by the 7-11(dark hair)noticed you had good form. Then about 5 minutes later you passed by my house as I was getting my dog out of the car. You flashed a look (dark eyes)that made me think you were going to stop. That would be fine with me..Id like to grab a leash and join you next time.. He only barks at people he likes.caught your eye a couple times while you tried on sporty mod dresses in the aisle today at the crazy busy MLK Goodwill in SE.  Would have approached, at the very least to compliment your style, but I think you were with your mom (?), so did not seem opportune.  Kicking myself now, but figured I would post here for the heck of it, maybe sometimes random longshots hit the mark.  I was the long haired fellow with a brown knit hat and gray jacket.You left your key in my truck. : )
Really It won't let me post unless I use more words.I talk with you all the time when I come in to get Cupcakes.  I admit I buy more cupcakes than I want just so that I can see your adorable smile.  You have such an amazing personality and charm.  I am sure you get hit on all the time, but I am going to take a chance.  If you are single, want to grab coffee or dinner sometime?  Let's talk and see if there is mutual interest.
In order to know it is you, can you share some pictures?  Can you share some details about you that others won't know?  :-)   I am just a shy guy who should just give you my number, but I am very nervous, and am not entirely sure you are single.Saw you in the sauna you were chatting with another guy. You have a beard and a bit of a hairy chest, taller and very sexy. I was the young guy sitting across from you next to the big guy. Wish we could have some alone time.You know I find it funny that everyone on here is looking for someone, missing someone, or hating someone. 
First off to you men and women out there who are missing someone but feel that it wouldn't work I ask why even post? 
If you truly miss someone then you will find a way to contact them. Bad things happen. Forgiveness is essential in any relationship. How do you know that the other person isn't feeling the exact same way? Take a chance because true love may only come once in your lifetime. If you feel that it won't work because of whatever reason then don't say I love you but it won't work. Just don't even bother posting. 
I find it funny that the vast majority of these posts have no initials of any sort. How is that person supposed to know that you miss or love them?
Be courageous take a chance and either contact this person or leave some initials. Most of the posts are pretty vague. 
As for the missed connections. If men and woman would just grow a pair and tell that person, in person then don't you think that it would be easier? Try this next time you see someone in a mall, coffee shop, or at the bus stop that makes your heart skip a beat. Count to three and just say how you feel about that person and ask them out or tell them how you feel. Honestly what's the worst that can happen? They say no or I'm married or whatever. At least you took a chance and showed the courage it takes to talk to a total stranger or a coworker that you have had a crush on. What's the worst that can happen they say "no" or reject you so what life goes on. I'm fairly sure that this will build confidence in yourself as it has in myself. I've been rejected and like I say so what move on and ask the next person that piques your curiosity. DON'T let rejection shape who you are as a person. 
As for the haters well you will all learn in life that forgiveness is key. If you just keep hating then you will never forgive that person and it will manifest your life and control you. Don't let other peoples actions or even demons control you. I let that happen (both) and it ate me up inside for a long time. All that people that hate do is give off negative energy so I say forget and think positive or keep hating and live a miserable life your choice. But posting here isn't going to make a shred of a difference to that person.
I'm a MALE but I'm posting this in both the mail and female MC to maybe give some people some advice and hope. 
I read this post from this woman and love it! She hit the ball right out of the park in explaining the fact that not just woman in the medical field (I don't agree with this) but a lot of woman in general are just out to fuck you up psychologically because it makes them feel better about themselves I guess. All the advice I can give here is look for the signs and if you see any of this behavior occurring run as fast as you can. I have been here as well and just by chance yes it was a girl in the health care industry. Here is the post I hope this MC can help some people in forgiving, getting in touch with that person you so desire, loving again, having hope (we shape our lives so if there is hope contact that person and shape your lives together or at least try) and to the haters maybe stop hating so much and start loving maybe not the person who scared you but yourselves and someone new. 
Take a chance and enjoy life to the fullest. 
Here is that post lol and a response I feel these are funny as well as priceless. They definitely made me laugh as well as having some key points!!! 
Lol ok you two are killing me! Who in the hell are you hanging out with that is that dumb and shallow? A few words of advice from a non-bitter chic...
1. You can tell which girls think they are princesses and which guys think they are pimps from the first word they spew, if you still go out with her/him that's your fault.
2. You can tell how intelligent someone is in the first 2 minutes, door knob is a door knob no matter how you turn it. 
3. Don't label all medical professions as batshit crazy when we all know it's the nurses that are the "look how important I am" assholes. kidding kidding Only some of them are like that.
4. Any woman/man that truly puts others needs before her/his own doesn't broadcast it, they aren't looking for an addaboy.
5. NO ONE is as good in bed as they think they are, including you.
6. No matter how you have been treated in the past by a woman/man don't turn around and treat someone innocent the same way. Why, for what? So you can feel better? When you do that all you are doing is lowering yourself to the level of "asshole" and hurting someone that might actually be a good person with some good qualities. You get what you give...
7. Don't start a first date with so much freaking heavy talk. Damn, it is supposed to be fun! You should laugh, smile, enjoy your night not contemplate the world. No wonder she looked at you like you were a bit off. 
________________________________________________________________________________
Original Post: 
First date - m4w - 35 (Portland)
I loved the "first date" guy's story. I've been dating for the last year and a half, and it's frightening. I'm really becoming a misogynist myself. This is what I've found out about women who are my age and who are single:
1) bitter, bitter bitter....and what do they have to be bitter about? Mostly, that they have figured out that daddy lied when he told her she was a princess. American women suffer from "princessitis." 
2) They really aren't that intelligent...even the one who claimed she was "Mensa" and sniffed when I told her that I didn't quite qualify.
3) Don't date women in the medical profession...they are all batshit crazy.
4) Women will treat men as if the women are sociopaths...because they mostly CAN. They know most men will put up with it. If I have to listen to another woman claim she "cares about people more than she cares about herself", I'm gonna hafta puke. Usually, these women are the most selfish of the bunch. I just laugh and laugh when women say this...kinda like the first date guy did to the bitch from Lake O.
5) You're not that good in bed, not matter how wonderful you think you are.
So, I'm in my "get back at women stage", and I love it! Somehow the pussy is sweeter when I know I'm gonna treat a woman like most of them treat menYou're a complete asshole.  Thanks for showing me that I could never be happy with someone like you.  Forever you will be someone else's problem.I admired your coat as I've been wanting to purchase or make one of a similar type. I also admired your style. The cord-cozied headphones you wore, in combination with an air of determined self-containment, seemed perhaps to serve partly as a gestural aid to pre-empting the unsolicited attentions of strange admirers such as myself, and I must admit that had they not been there I might have asked what company made your coat. I'd have been too shy to comment on the beauty of your face or the deliciousness of your bearing. Ainsi, voici.This is for every solder home of away / past and present. I thank you all for what you have done. 
www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWExFTFAQzAWe meet eyes while working out.  I'm the 25 year old red head.  It would be great to get together and jo or something.Just wondering if you still read these:) It was really great to see you after a year and a half of a very unfortunate situation. I missed my best friend. I felt like that special connection was there as though we never missed a day.
 To share life stories like nothing ever happened says a lot. I will have the bike going by next summer so we can go for a ride again. In the mean time I really hope we get to spend some time together snowboarding or whatever it really doesn't matter what were are doing we always have fun together.
 Looking forward to our Mexican dinner together.
 Glad to see your doing well.
                                       JI met you inside, funny banter was exchanged... Later, we met outside, again, funny banter was exchanged. You said something about how you kept seeing me, making it seem almost serendipitous. I was kicked out, you received my extra tickets without my phone number...oops, I fucked that up!
Anyway, if you're out there, I'd like to still give you that number and share more fun banter. What was I wearing on top of my head???You were wearing the best shoes at the party and won your "first" ticket ever. Even though you didn't win a prize, maybe a dinner or lunch would make up for it.You are presently (noon-ish) working at Fast-Fix at CTC. One of the most handsome men I have seen in a long while. Long hair, maroon shirt, very shortly ago you were even looking at Craigslist (maybe you'll actually see this?). I tried to work up the nerve to say hello...I couldn't, so I'm posting here instead. You're mesmerizing to me!  Me: short chick, black hair, black hoodie/jeans/purple velvet Docs. Coffee? Tea? Otherwise?I came in around 10 AM and you generously shared your table with me. We made small talk about my laptop and then you left. I didn't get your name, though I overheard the barista say goodbye; I think she said Philip. You were very charming, and I enjoyed the chat. If you're into maybe meeting there again purposefully, I could treat you to a coffee and some more conversation.To the OP:
Don't judge too harshly. Sometimes things are not the way they appear on the surface. People say goodbye for many reasons. Maybe they care too much and the outcome holds no promise, it becomes harder the longer something goes on.  
I was falling hard for a man, but knew he did not want more than a FWB type thing with me. I had to walk away from that, before I had to hear the words from him.. That there will never be anything more for us.  
Another hard life lesson.Would you like to meet over a cup of coffee? If you find this post you can be sure its from me, because I told you I would leave you a message!Patty I love you with all my heart, You are the one who I want to spend the rest of my life with!  You are the most beautiful gorgeous woman there is and I'm glad I have you to spend the rest of my life with.  You complete me and make me happy in more ways than you know.  Without you in my life I'm lost and confused but you truly do complete me!  I love you Patty!!!
Love
BrettI saw you at Boxxes Thursday night. I asked you if you were in line for the bar and you said "Yea. Well, I hope so!" and I let you go in front of me. You were wearing classes, and a black jacket I think, and I didn't get a chance to talk to you because my friend wanted to leave early. You're cute and seem like a nice guy, so if you see this, let's get some coffee sometime.You're not going to see this. Even if you do it won't matter. Were just two parallel lines that are never going to meet. I'm saddened by it. I value your friendship so much. I love everything about you because I love pretty much everything you love lol. I wish you wouldn't be so hesitant for us to hang out. Like I said, I can hold myself back.I've not received emails from my crush, but best of luck to you with that. If she didn't respond it's likely that she doesn't return your feelings.And you are gorgeous.  I should have said so.  I figured I'd go back and try to flirt with you sometime when I wasn't in a hurry to get on a plane, but I totally spaced the fact that you're on the side of the security check that requires you to have a boarding pass!  :/You were my server on Friday evening. You have such an amazing personality and smile. I was glad to have made your night by getting dessert. You made my night too.  :-)We met several times at a bus stop on Halsey. I was coming from Balleys gym and you were coming from work at a gym in Gresham. Its been well over a year ago. I have been wondering and thinking of you ever since. Please contact me.....I shoulda stopped to chat.  You said to me, "have a good night...I mean morning!" before having a smoke.  Kicking myself now.  It was about 6:30 am.
Do you remember?Hey Poscha (Spelling wrong) we use to hang out and had a few good times at the video store, I think it was a game to figure out if it was going to be Darcy,Marquis or YOU. You were best I want to see YOU.  And a some more good times 
Name hris"I stopped reading these things when it became apparent to me that maybe half or more of these postings were bullshit.  I couldn't sleep tonight so I figured I'd take a look to see if anything has changed - the answer I'm afraid is not really.
Maybe I'm wrong but unless there were extenuating circumstances wouldn't it be a lot simpler to call, text, email, or visit the other person if you had an important message for them? Would you really put some vague message on a community board if you really wanted to contact the person? I think not.
Let's just say that you did decide to use this method to reach someone, would you write such a vague note that any one of literally thousands of people could think it might be them? Not if you really wanted to contact that person.
So who does post the vague notes you see here?  
Well, there are the folks who are trying to engage you in some sort of chat with hopes that they can eventually liberate some of your hard earned money from you and there are the ones who are trying to get you to wander outside of the anonymizer so they can get your IP address then pull your computer into their bot net.  
There's law enforcement who, like the first group I mentioned, is trying to engage you into a chat so they can gain your trust and you'll start coughing up all sorts of information that they can use to do their jobs.  What's beautiful about this is that even though they technically are in violation of the terms of service no one ever does anything about that AND anything they are told is admissible because you volunteered it.
There are also the twisted pieces of shit that relish in the agony of other people and cruise around here dropping little bread crumbs with hopes that it's just enough to get someone to bite.  When you bite they continue to lead you on and on all the while just having a grand ol' time.  These people suck.
Finally, I believe there are people here who write not to get a response but rather to get things off their chests.  Those people, I believe, are the ones who really don't have a lot of hope or they're burdened with a tremendous guilt and somehow they think that an admission of sorts will remedy the situation.  Personally, I think that's pretty selfish because if something is bad enough that you've got a haunting guilt then putting up here only makes the author feel better and that's not right.
As for me, yes, I have a woman who I've lost contact with and I've tried everything I can think of to no avail.  Unfortunately, it has put me in a rough spot because she is the most amazing woman I've ever met and I don't know that I'll ever think as highly of anyone else - that's not fair to them.
So I sit in limbo hoping, praying, wondering.  
And yes, I am leaving this vague because the odds of her reading this anyway are astronomical and dragging someone else into this isn't something I wish to do.
Good night and thank you for your indulgence.Do I really think your leaving? Did you really fall asleep? Is there an excuse for everything? Did her mom even die? If its perfecr but the wrong time wouldnt we work for more. Wouldnt you make time to see me. You have no idea t.w. whay you have made me feel. I am owed a hige appology and the whole truth. Im so sad that I cant have my fairy tale kiss one last time because its in yoir field and you are just holding onto the ball. Thanks for the tears.I love you. I don't say that in past tense because it wouldn't be true, but the thing about love is that when you recognize that you feel that depth for another, the understanding and acceptance you provide for the one you love is supposed to surpass your own feelings. I enjoy loving that way to the people that don't take it for granted or take advantage. You didn't take advantage or for granted and in fact took my heart very seriously. So serious in fact the fear of my loving me has scared you to the point you weave in and out. I know to others this may seem like I may be delusional and dealing with a player but I know that's not the case. I know our circumstance was difficult and would be for anyone in a similar scenario. Only thing I don't understand is why you would pop up out of nowhere to tell me you don't think we should see each other. We already hadn't been. You used something else as an excuse but you haven't executed that through anyway though. I don't understand. You don't want to confuse yourself or hurt me but its pretty apparent you are confused already and i am having a hard time distinguishing what you are doing here. I don't know how to say how all of this is making me feel. I am really happily falling, and I wanted to get to feel that way with you 5 months ago. But it turned into such a dramatic dynamic and I can't. We are adults. Our purpose is to find someone that makes us feel easy, light hearted and happy. I felt that with you but you literally whipped it away and then came back and then did it again... And then came back. Oh wait no Jk you left again. And now you pop up after time passes just to let me know you can't know me anymore? I feel like I've been shanked, then the pain of it being pulled half way out, stuck back in... And this last time is salt being poured all up in there. My heart is made up of all the same stuff as yours. Hurt, confusion, pain, love, acceptance, and it's not fair you disregard me so easily. You turn your back on me so easily. Every time. I say all this crap on this stupid site because I have no one else to tell it to. My friends are tired of seeing me feel anything for someone that just ignores my feelings because they aren't ready for it. Well I feel too. And I want to move on because I love how being loved feels. I love getting to love someone even more. I do not love being in love with someone that won't let me in. I don't love loving someone who walks away from me so easily. You didn't want to talk about it because you don't want to acknowledge me and feel even more shitty than you already feel. You dont like that i moved on but you are justified in playing multiple hands yourself?Fine. I need to detach... again.I really like you and really want to see where things are going with us.  It's so hard to read you, I'm really at a loss.  One minute it's weird and I think I'm stupid for thinking we're dating, the next you're being very attentive and kissing me... It takes a lot for me to open up and be vulnerable, and I think you're the same way.  I just want to know where I stand.  I think I'm making it very clear that I'm into you and really am not interested in anyone else, if the feeling isn't mutual I'd rather know now.Longshoreman named Andrew...I think I have a crush on you! I don't really know much about you, or your situation/status, but something about you has caught my attention.What did that bad man put in you 
did those rotten kids cross a line
I'm afraid I'll never understand baby and
I'm so sorry you had such a bad time 
well I had done some truly awful things
and you must be very terrified
well you have every reason to be frightened
Since you've been reading my mind
Who am I to deny this moment 
and who am I to even question it
there is a cross on the mountain baby 
there is a cross glowing over your head
please break this spell you have me under
every heart is a lonesome hunter
please break this spell you have me under 
oh yes every heart is a lonesome hunter
sparrows at your window
starlings at your door
magpies wherever we go
Is it blackbirds forevermore well
I'm staring at a hole in my hand
and I'm staring at a hole in your head 
and I've been feeling like a zombie baby
I am a zombie coming slowly to your bed, well
Who am I to deny this moment 
and who am I to even question it
there is a cross on the mountain baby 
there is a cross glowing over your head
please break this spell you have me under
every heart is a lonesome hunter
please break this spell you have me under oh yes
every heart is a lonesome hunter
is a lonesome hunter, is a lonesome hunter
every heart is a lonesome hunter.
my heart swells for you every time i hear this song.... i know in another lifetime we were meant to be.  I promise i won't take as long to find you in the next one... i'm such a sad little soul without you.   im so full of happiness on the every so often chance i get to see your face... do you ever sense it when i think of you? it happens quite often.Hey Mike,
    We met a couple of times and hit it off at a coffee shop in s.e. this summer. I was having a difficult time keeping my eyes off of you. You're very attractive. I miss seeing you out. I'm hoping you'll notice this and maybe we can get together.  I would love to hang out.I highly doubt this will ever get to you but figured I would try. We had some AWESOME times..exploring our fantasies was amazing. The toys you brought were something I will never forget. I tried to contact you but it was way too dangerous if you know what I mean...In the event this ever finds the right Angie S.....then please find a way to contact me so we can re connect. Hope to hear from you hun.No, the ball is still very much so in your court. I've sent emails out never to get a reply or even an acknowledgment of my existence when I knew it was you. It's your turn now. Believe me when I say time is a wasting. I won't be in the Pacific Northwest much longer. It's not set in stone yet, but will be shortly.Portland takes the biscuit for hottest "Jeopardy!" contestant with almost insolent ease.
Just sayin'.  
Not so much a missed connection as a well-deserved tribute.I saw you outside a couple of times.  I really wanted to meet you, but I was driving both times and wouldn't usually have much to say.  Maybe, "So, are you putting up Christmas lights?  Its this your starter home?  It's a nice bungalow.  Is there a wife and baby in the picture?"
For some reason you seemed single to me, in a good way....80's Video Dance Attack in Lola's room tonight. I had on a white shirt with a blue button-up over the top, and was wearing a pair of tight green pants.
I was dancing with my friend when you came over and got my attention. We danced, getting closer and closer. Eventually I was behind you, with one hand on your hip..then two. When our song was over, we gave each other a big smile, raised our hands, and clasped fingers for a moment.
Want to go dancing again sometime?Karma. If there is someone you loved,or still do,and can't get them out of your mind,re-post this in another city within the next 5 minutes. It's amazing how it works. If you truly miss someone,a past love,and can't seem to get them off your mind....then re-post this titled as " I Still Love You" Whoever you are missing will surprise you. Don't break this,for tonight at midnight,your true love will realize they love you and something great will happen to you tomorrow. Karma. You will get the shock of your lifeokee-doked 
When someone blows you off , usually with " Wait for me for sure.." , or " I'm on my way, walking out the door..." With the end result of a 'no show.' Deliberately causing others to expect them, with no intention of following through. treating other people like red headed step children. Like a selfish a-hole acting like the world waits on their personal lame agenda.You sat at the side bar with your short hair and dressed smartly, me at the table in the corner. We caught each others glance a couple of times and exchanged a smile. You asked me to watch your things for a few minutes. I left and found myself thinking about your smile. Reply and tell me something you remember about me.Your post is so generic. Can you give any hint who it is for? You will leave many people wondering. What happened to people communicating directly to each other? Otherwise you will never know if your intended recipient will even know you postedand I think I have a little crush on you.  I think you know it based on how uncomfortable it seemed for you to look me directly in the eye.  
If you have figured it oot, jinx you're it.You have no idea how much I need to hear you say
that outloud..let me hear it with my own ears. I know
we aren't going to be, just to much haunting us to move
forward, but I wish I could hear you say it...but all I 
remember will be "you had your chance, later."If you think I'm a jerk it's because when it comes to you I have no idea what I'm supposed to do.  Too bad I couldn't figure it out in time,  but anyway I'm not too sure there was something to figure out.  It was all simple, because it was all nothing.     Like the title says.I think that I've been okee doked one to many times and rather than being the generous and caring person that I usually am, I've decided to play the ass hole thing from this point forward, and especially for the okee dokers. Why not, it nets the exact same results... be forewarned, if you've recently okee doked someone that was helping you at every turn, don't expect that the next bump in the road around that corner to be fixed and smoothed out for you without hesitation, cause you're on your own! good luck!"Pursuit and seduction are the essence of sexuality. It's part of the sizzle." Camille Paglia ~~Hello hello Reverie! 
Remember the chilly wait for the bus at SW 5th & Salmon downtown today? You left on Bus 33 around 4:40pm-ish. And I had told you we would meet again. Thanks for saying Hello to me. :-)
Before that, we told each other our names (mine begins with an S)! First, I told you my dream was to learn parkour while unicycling. I was hugging the tree when you first said Hi to me and asked me if I did parkour. I had seen you a couple minutes earlier, before the time I was hopping over the benches and dancing around the sidewalk, as you stood against the alcove of the building, when I realized I was blocking three men from exiting the only door in the alcove I was currently jumping directly in front of. Truly, I do want to learn parkour and I'm so excited you brought it up! 
But, to be honest, I was simply moving around and hugging the tree to stay warm since I have the limitless energy and capacity to do so for myself. I mean, why not?!
Till we meet again ~Hello,
Looking to make few more friends in my field, e mail works fine.  It would be nice to meet someone caring and honest. I enjoy travelling, weight lifting, swimming, running and etc. 
Please be reliable and serious about making friends.Thank you ( male or female welcome)We were both at the Kerrits warehouse sale mid-morning, perhaps the sweet woman with you was your mom.  You modeled hats for me, and laughingly asked me to leave my hair long.  If you're not in a committed relationship, I'd love to talk with you more!Being near you is all I can take.  I can feel the warmth of your body just being in the same room.  But it's not what you want.  I wish you would let down your guard and let me in....This happened such a long time ago, almost 2 years. It was November of 2011. You came up to me at the mall 205 max stop because you thought I looked upset. You said your name was Daniel. We talked until the max came and the whole ride after that, I felt like we connected. I noticed your bag had paint on it, you worked for a family painting company. You gave me your number before you walked away. I started to leave and I tripped and dropped my phone. I was so embarrassed I kept walking but my phone had deleted your number and I had no way of finding you. I went to the max stop everyday for weeks to look for you but I resigned myself to thinking we would never meet again. I had every intention of calling you, I'm sorry it didn't happen. I hope you see this somehow.
Best,
The lonely girl at the max stopI was going to pose a question to the audience about what they would do (change passwords?)if they felt like they were being impersonated on here. On second though, never mind.. It's just that after what occurred yesterday and the repercussions after my password change seems strange. Probably just a coincidence. 
Instead I'll just leave this trail so that my visitation to this site, (post.craigslist) can be accounted for. I realize that seems paranoid, but internet monitoring is a distinct possibility where I live, and I've seen some of the crazy cross-talk on here. 
Better safe than sorry, eh?Lol ok you two are killing me! Who in the hell are you hanging out with that is that dumb and shallow? A few words of advice from a non-bitter chic...
1. You can tell which girls think they are princesses and which guys think they are pimps from the first word they spew, if you still go out with her/him that's your fault.
2. You can tell how intelligent someone is in the first 2 minutes, door knob is a door knob no matter how you turn it. 
3.  Don't label all medical professions as batshit crazy when we all know it's the nurses that are the "look how important I am" assholes. kidding kidding Only some of them are like that.
4.  Any woman/man that truly puts others needs before her/his own doesn't broadcast it, they aren't looking for an addaboy.
5. NO ONE is as good in bed as they think they are, including you.
6. No matter how you have been treated in the past by a woman/man don't turn around and treat someone innocent the same way. Why, for what? So you can feel better? When you do that all you are doing is lowering yourself to the level of "asshole" and hurting someone that might actually be a good person with some good qualities. You get what you give...
7. Don't start a first date with so much freaking heavy talk. Damn, it is supposed to be fun! You should laugh, smile, enjoy your night not contemplate the world. No wonder she looked at you like you were a bit off. 
________________________________________________________________________________
Original Post: 
First date - m4w - 35 (Portland)
I loved the "first date" guy's story. I've been dating for the last year and a half, and it's frightening. I'm really becoming a misogynist myself. This is what I've found out about women who are my age and who are single:
1) bitter, bitter bitter....and what do they have to be bitter about? Mostly, that they have figured out that daddy lied when he told her she was a princess. American women suffer from "princessitis." 
2) They really aren't that intelligent...even the one who claimed she was "Mensa" and sniffed when I told her that I didn't quite qualify.
3) Don't date women in the medical profession...they are all batshit crazy.
4) Women will treat men as if the women are sociopaths...because they mostly CAN. They know most men will put up with it. If I have to listen to another woman claim she "cares about people more than she cares about herself", I'm gonna hafta puke. Usually, these women are the most selfish of the bunch. I just laugh and laugh when women say this...kinda like the first date guy did to the bitch from Lake O.
5) You're not that good in bed, not matter how wonderful you think you are.
So, I'm in my "get back at women stage", and I love it! Somehow the pussy is sweeter when I know I'm gonna treat a woman like most of them treat menI think I saw you yesterday at the Gresham winco. If it was you please respond to this! I haven't seen you in forever and would love to catch up and see how things are...The thought that you will be leaving and that I will never see you again is possibly the saddest news I have heard in a very long time.
Yes, if my life was different and I didn't have all of the responsibilities I have, I would spend the rest of my life trying to make you happy.  I knew that you were the "one" when I first met you.  You will always be the one.  I only wish I had met you years ago before both of our lives became so complicated.Is a terrible thing to waste!!!
Want to do Coffee this weekend?
Let me know I could be out on the next non~stop, you know how i can't stand miss connections and last time i miss connected out of Vegas Elvis was on the Plane!!
Sending All My Love...Your Red Bellied SaP Sucker<3To the guy that posted in response to my post....naw man, bitch is the wrong word. Had that been a man sitting across from me, talking the same way, carrying himself the same way, I would have responded exactly the same. The fact that she was a woman was secondary to the fact that she was just kind of a shitty person. 
Some women take advantage of men who can't tell the difference between recieving love and being used (I've been used like this myself) but that is on the man as much as it is on the woman. If you are being used, stop being used! Tell her how you feel and get the hell out. Women are coming out of, O I don't know, about a couple thousand years of brutal patriarchy. For most of what is called the "civilized" era women have been viewed as little more than property. It is only because women have fought and died for what is naturally theirs' that they no longer are under this....as much. Its still very much alive. 
These problems are passed down, generation to generation, and you can't undo all of that heinous shit overnight. Its fucked because women are so used to being used and manipulated that it becomes very difficult for them to tell the difference between a man who is being nurturing and supportive and a man who is trying to dominate. There are so many assholes out there that treat women so poorly... decent men have to pay part of the price for others' idiocy....but believe me, its nothing compared to the price women have to pay.
Women in the medical field have been some of the best people I have ever known.
Just because there are shitty, manipulative, and weak people who happen to be women doesn't mean that all women are that way. Some of my closest friends are women, and they are far better people than I will ever be.
My post wasn't an attack on women, it was an attack on the dominant socio-economic paradigm. Please don't misunderstand me. 
You have a decision to make. You can choose to be weak and let your bad experiences control you or you can choose to be strong and realize that their are very few differences between men and women. We are all people, we are all fucked up in our own ways, but to cast a shadow on an entire gender because you have had bad luck could cost you what may be the best thing that hasn't happened to you yet. Up to you.Hello!!! Are you looking to make you fantasy come true, I a hot versatile Ts with sexy boobs and hot body, if you good looking and Generous, please answer with you pics and let's meet tonight only, you will not disappointed!!!Hey sugar momma! If this is you, then you will know what I was doing when you doodled on my paper.U helped me with my truck on Tuesday. Said you had a tattoo like mine. Moving back to the area thought you were cute spark?
E-mail meI think I should have asked you out or at least asked you when you'd be back in town. Oh well, at least I got to chat a little and help you get where you were going. Safe travels."Internet tough guy huh? Sounds like insecurity.
My father was an *actual* tough guy that you don't want to fuck with. Then men in Portland are whiny insecure bitches who can only act tough anonymously and from a distance.
Pathetic. "
Originally from Pittsburgh here, can verify...Good evening, I hope you've had a great day today! I ran to  you this afternoon while you were shopping at Fred Meyer. I was disappointed that you were taken, as I find you very sexy.
But, I'd love to be friends if that's possible since you are taken? Or whatever suites you, I am not necessarily looking for something serious, perhaps a fun time friend?
Let me know if any of these options appeal to you, Jodi :-)
AlexYou bought the tree at 5:00pm in aloha.  You where with your mom and dad and had your daughter with you.  I would love your number.  Tell me part of our conversation so I know it's you.  I know it's a long shot but worth a try.I wish you could understand how happy I am and be happy for me. I didn't drag you anywhere. I just walked away and never returned like Simba. Hakuna Matata. Just be happy for me. I'm happy for you and he b****. The world needs more happiness. 
If it looks like a troll and smells like a troll while working out, I guess it probably is a troll, huh?You had glasses. 2, you hade on nice brown boots. 3, you were wearing jeans and a northface. 4, a grey shirt hanging out. 5, your brother dose your work. 6, upstaris duplex. 7, this is where you write me back so we can connect.You hurt my sister's feelings. Not big time, but enough that you are not on a high ranking list, guy. She was generous and kind to your drunk and stoned young ass. Real men thank the lady the next day, even if it's not a hit, and even when it's understood. You missed it this time. You've still got a lot to learn, take it from a big dog, you won't get by like that forever. Send her an email and have some manners, for chrissakes.You were the beautiful blonde  with your friends at the bar around 10:30p on thanksgiving. I was the gentleman sitting by myself.  We kept having eye contact,then you seductively touched my shoulder when you left.  You made my whole night.  I looked over my shoulder and caught one last glimpse of your gorgeous eyes before you walked up the stairs.  
Your touch was absolutely electrifying. 
I long to return the touch
You had on a white coat with either black or blue stripes
Put something in your email so i know its youRelationships cannot be duplicated; A two person dynamic is unique to only those two people.  It doesn't matter what you think you know about people from your personal experience with an impossibly small percentage of the human population.  If you base your decisions on information rather than gut feeling the results will never feel satisfying.  Btw,,  people change and people change people.Tell me I'm crazy. Tell me I'm imagining things. Tell me it's all in my head. I know we were just having fun and really fucked up but, it made me think. It made me think about how you look at me. How I feel the way you respond to me when I touch you. Made me wonder why you held my hand so hard. We've had alot of good times together. We've had alot of real conversations. I know you talk to people all day long, but I don't. You're easy for me to talk to and that's not normal for me. There's something here, I feel it. So tell me I'm crazy. Tell me I'm imagining things. Tell me it's all in my head.........Or tell me I'm right.Earlier this week around 7:30pm, you used the phone in the wet area to request eucalyptus in the steam room.  I enjoyed chatting with you briefly and would like to do it again.  Reply back with my name and i'll tell you yours.Do you even know what this word means?
You use it alot, jumping from one person to
The next. You have a way about you that 
Made me want to believe but in time you 
Proved you don't love anyone but yourself.
You drug me through hell, but I held on 
Hoping....for what? So you could run to 
Someone else and profess your love to 
Them? Well guess what...this one wont
Last either, none of them do. Oh and one
More thing....its so not me, it is 100% you.My heart can not break anymore than it is right now. 
But I am happy you are happy.
Growing up means you learn not everything goes the way you wished it would.You are so cute and friendly, wish we could have chatted more.
Please let me know if I can interest you in a soup break one of these chilly days! :)I am having one of those awful, lonely days. And swear it has everything to do with me and not any person that I could sleep with or contact.To the beautiful manager at Gresham Fred Meyers. You are hot. You are fairly short with reddish hair.  I really liked your shoes you showed me on a Friday when I was there picking up my large wine purchase. I think you are married but what a lucky guy your husband is. I would like to at least take you to lunch sometime if you are interested. From the wine guy.We talked briefly but you were busy working.  When you're done standing in the cold volunteering maybe I can buy you a hot chocolate sometime...  :)We met last night and I really enjoyed talking with you.  Contact me and let's get together for a discreet coffee or cocktail.  Where are you from?Empathic people are natural targets for sociopaths - protect yourself - (everywhere) I once dated this kind of person.  She was dangerous and probably still is.  Don't know and don't care.  Totally some other dudes problem.   Was manipulated by her to destroy another person, when all along it was her.   
Psychotherapist Christine Louise de Canonville describes different phases that the abuser leads the relationship through:
 the idealization stage, where the sociopath shows herself in the best possible light - but this phase is an illusion, to draw her target in
 the devaluation stage begins gradually so the target is not alert to the sociopath's transformation to being cold and unfeeling, but will begin to feel devalued at every turn; the more distressed the target becomes, the more the sociopath enjoys her power, and her abuse can become more extreme
 the discarding stage - the target is reduced to an object to which the sociopath is indifferent, seeing the game as won; the sociopath rejects any connection, moving on to the next target.
 Many sociopaths wreak havoc in a covert way, so that their underlying condition remains hidden for years. They can possess a superficial charm, and this diverts attention from disturbing aspects of their nature. 
 Often empaths are targeted by sociopaths because they pose the greatest threat. The empath is usually the first to detect that something is not right and express what s/he senses. 
 As a consequence, the empath is both the sociopath's number one foe and a source of attraction; the empath's responses and actions provide excellent entertainment for sociopaths, who use and abuse people for sport. 
 The world of the empath is not for the faint-hearted. In the context we are discussing, empaths often find themselves up against not only the sociopath but often a flock of apaths as well. Apaths are afforded pole position in the sociopath's intrigues. 
 But this prime spot comes at a price for, in what we call the "sociopathic transaction", the apath makes an unspoken Faustian pact with the sociopath, then passively or otherwise participates in the cruel sport. 
 Apaths are an integral part of the sociopath's arsenal and contribute to sociopathic abuse. Sociopaths have an uncanny knack of knowing who will assist them in bringing down the person they are targeting. It is not necessarily easy to identify an apath; in other circumstances, an apath can show ample empathy and concern for others - just not in this case. The one attribute an apath must have is a link to the target. 
 How apaths, who might otherwise be fair-minded people, become involved in such destructive business is not hard to understand, but it can be hard to accept. The main qualifying attribute is poor judgment resulting from lack of insight. They might be jealous of or angry at the target, and thus have something to gain from the evolving situation. 
 At other times, the apath might not want to see the 'bad' in someone, particularly if the sociopath is useful. Or they might choose not to see because they have enough on their plate and do not possess the wherewithal or moral courage to help the targeted person at that time. Usually, be it active or passive involvement, the apath's conscience appears to fall asleep. It is this scenario that causes people blindly to follow leaders motivated only by self-interest. 
 An apath's response to a sociopath's call to arms can then result from a state of 'learned helplessness'. Apaths behave defenselessly because they want to avoid unpleasant or harmful circumstances [including the sociopath turning on them]. Apathy is an avoidance strategy. 
 Often, the person targeted by the sociopath is an empath. Empaths are ordinary people who are highly perceptive and insightful and belong to the 40% of human beings who sense when something's not right, who respond to their gut instinct.
 n the 1990s, researchers suggested that there was a positive relationship between empathy and emotional intelligence. Since then, that term has been used interchangeably with emotional literacy. 
 What this means in practice is that empaths have the ability to understand their own emotions, to listen to other people and empathise with their emotions, to express emotions productively and to handle their emotions in such a way as to improve their personal power. 
 People are often attracted to empaths because of their compassionate nature. A particular attribute is that they are sensitive to the emotional distress of others. Conversely, they have trouble comprehending a closed mind and lack of compassion in others. 
 Very highly empathic people can find themselves helping others at the expense of their own needs, which can lead them to withdraw from the world at times. 
 It is odd. Most of us enjoy watching films and reading books about heroes who refuse to go along with the crowd, which suggests there is something admirable about people who make a bold stand. 
 But in real life, watching someone raise their head above the parapet often makes the rest of us feel queasy. Most - the 60% majority - prefer the easy life. It was interesting to discover, when doing the research for this book, how often people see empaths in problematical terms. 
 Empaths use their ability to emphasize and to boost theirs and others' well being and safety. Problems arise for empaths, however, when there are apaths in the vicinity. Empaths can be brought down, distressed and forced into the position of the lone fighter by the inaction of more apathetic types round them. 
 The usual set-up goes like this: the empath is forced to make a stand on seeing the sociopath say or do something underhand. The empath challenges the sociopath, who straight away throws others off the scent and shifts the blame on to the empath. The empath becomes an object of abuse when the apath corroborates the sociopath's perspective. 
 The situation usually ends badly for the empath and sometimes also for the apath, if their conscience returns to haunt them or they later become an object of abuse themselves. But, frustratingly, the sociopath often goes scot free. 
 Sociopaths rarely vary this tried-and-tested formula because it virtually guarantees them success. 
 Sociopaths draw in apaths by various means: flattery, bribery, disorienting them with lies. A sociopath will go to any lengths to win her game.You all look cute this morning in your little hats and little boots and bundled up in cozy little outfits, laughing and trying to make snowballs with what little snow there is. Stay cute, little princesses.We cross paths nearly daily: you stepping off the wes and heading to the ready-to-depart 20, wearing a plaid coat, glasses, gorgeous smile - often with a book in hand. Me, waiting for the crowd to disperse so I can board the WES, black coat, bearded, shorts, matching smile and often a book in hand.
Let's take our lingering smiles, shy eye contact and ogling to a warmer locale, somewhere where we are not whisked past each other by the morning commute.Internet tough guy huh? Sounds like insecurity.
My father was an *actual* tough guy that you don't want to fuck with. Then men in Portland are whiny insecure bitches who can only act tough anonymously and from a distance. 
Pathetic.You asked about getting comfortable with flirting after having been in a long term monogamous relationship. I'm in a similar position. I wish I had introduced myself to talk about that. Email me if you'd like to get together and discuss it more.you got on the bus and you sat across from me. I dont know why i couldnt talk to you but i wanted to. You are very beautiful. It was a little after 4:30 i was on  my way to work. I hope you see this and respond if I see you again I am going to talk to you for sure. If you do happen to respond, Who was with you so i know its you???Me - white guy short hair tattooes on forearmas
You- bigger guy hairy cut cock
I sucked u and we tried backdoor but I was too tight
A
You said you lived close by 
I want to try again and be your reg thing
I'll try so hard
Put what article of clothing you had me take off of you first
In the response
Cuz I know you remember
;)You came into my work yesterday. We spoke briefly but, I could tell I liked your personality.I asked you if you needed any help, and you said no, even though you look like you're more than capable Haha. I called you ma'am when you left, you said to not call you ma'am because you didn't have any kids, I kinda felt like that meant you were fair game ;) I'm definitely into women that are older than me, and you are definitely someone I would like to undress and do naughty things to. Do young men hit on you a lot? If you read this respond with the place I workYou were reading your book 'About a Boy'  on the bus. You were wearing purple jeans. I was sitting across from you with a safeway bag. We made eye contact but didn't talk. I would love to chat and grab a drink or coffee if you would like to.You were coming out of a building and we made eye contact. You said hi but my earphones were in and I was too enamored to react. I was wearing a dark green coat. Let me know if you would like to meet for coffee or something.dont you say maybe. we can leave right now. youtube.com/watch?v=vsy35MhLocI
..............................................................
...............................................
......................................
..............................
.......................
................
...........
.......
....
..
.You were the cute girl with the blue hat here on Thursday night to the right of me. I just moved here and thought you were with someone. The lady next to me on my left was totally taking my conversation... I wish I would have said hello. 
Perhaps we can try again...I assure you that situation has been nipped in the butt, and you do not have to worry about me anymore. He knows not to test me.
Please believe it.To the beautiful girl who took the seat right across from me at about 7:30. You were listening to music, reading a food or pdx magazine. We were southbound. I'd love to talk to you. Email me.I was in line to use the ATM.  You were walking into the bank.  We made eye contact.  Please reply with bank in title and something you remember about me.We started in glory hole booths then went to the big booth in the back. You're damn sexy and have an incredible body. You said you wanted to do something else next time. Let me know what that is and I can describe your tattoo. I definitely want to do it again.this guy nailed it .....  seems like a fiction novel but , that happens every day , 
   I have placed a few personal ads  and the female responses are either not females or , just like that post , i havent even made it to the first date because i know it is gonna turn out just like that 
      Too soon for a paul walker joke ?   come on , paul had a great sense of humor . 
  yes i am finding -maybe just the women here- the female species to be so shallow you will stub your toe before the first date so why waste $10 on drinks , 
     I am still looking but not very hard.Maybe there's a lost tech that once powered the great pyramids..
you are that to my heart.
if I had one wishYou're a big furry muscle bear. I've seen you a few times at the gym. Handsome guy. You always shower in the first stall. Would be great to meet you.I miss you more than you deserve. 
I shouldn't feel this way after all you did. And didn't. 
All you said, all those promises, they used to motivate my every breath. Now all they do is suffocate me. Remind me that you lied every time. That you never truly loved me. 
It was just a game of tails you win, heads I lose. 
You only wanted a good distraction. You were bored with him and so you went after me. Once it became clear that I had devoted myself to you, you decided to kill me. Maybe that's slightly dramatic. But it's what you've done. 
Sure, I'm still awake, breathing, and seeing. But I'm not alive anymore. The fire that once danced for you is now ash, blowing away with the cold. 
Marco. 
PoloI came out of the shower and you were in front of me coming out of the bathroom, your lock was just a few down from mine, I was in the corner and greeted a friend, you took off your pants and underwear at the same time. You are hairy with an amazing big curvy cock. You had a long towel and headed for the showers. I have seen you and you have seen me a few times, never once we had the right moment to talk. I wanna get together man, both of us naked for some hot times. 
Say something about me so I know it is you.So here's the deal. Craigslist is weird, and a bit creepy and I'm not sure how to go about this, or if you're even into guys.. but you're handsome. Every now and then we see each other, and im a bit curious as to if it means anything. Hit me up.Hey,
I was driving my tan Honda and drove into the parking lot and circled around. You were a good looking Hispanic guy, short and short hair. You were getting out of your car or truck and you and I stared at each other and we continued to stare at each other even as I drove away.  I thought you were really cute and hope you thought I was too. I wanted to come back and talk to you or give you my number but I had somewhere to be. I hope you read these and hope to hear from you soon. Would be great to meet up and get aquainted.Here I am again because my closest friends are tired of hearing me carry on about you. But I can't do a thing now. The ball is in your court as of today. I really have no idea how you're going to react. I don't even know how I would react in that situation myself. It's all so terribly awkward and convoluted just now. I can't blame you if you don't respond to that recent missive. It's not as if I've made you comfortable and most likely in being such a social retard I've scared you away. I'm so lonely I have to tell myself that I can survive more rejection or humiliation or coldness instead of the love I've needed my whole life. Otherwise I would just curl up in a ball and die right now. I really would.I know exactly which Heather you talking about bro. It has to be a STD case. She is the talk of the town who likes attention. Feeling sorry for the guy who got infected.Psychotherapist Christine Louise de Canonville describes different phases that the abuser leads the relationship through:
the idealization stage, where the sociopath shows herself in the best possible light - but this phase is an illusion, to draw her target in
the devaluation stage begins gradually so the target is not alert to the sociopath's transformation to being cold and unfeeling, but will begin to feel devalued at every turn; the more distressed the target becomes, the more the sociopath enjoys her power, and her abuse can become more extreme
the discarding stage - the target is reduced to an object to which the sociopath is indifferent, seeing the game as won; the sociopath rejects any connection, moving on to the next target.
Many sociopaths wreak havoc in a covert way, so that their underlying condition remains hidden for years. They can possess a superficial charm, and this diverts attention from disturbing aspects of their nature. 
Often empaths are targeted by sociopaths because they pose the greatest threat. The empath is usually the first to detect that something is not right and express what s/he senses. 
As a consequence, the empath is both the sociopath's number one foe and a source of attraction; the empath's responses and actions provide excellent entertainment for sociopaths, who use and abuse people for sport. 
The world of the empath is not for the faint-hearted. In the context we are discussing, empaths often find themselves up against not only the sociopath but often a flock of apaths as well. Apaths are afforded pole position in the sociopath's intrigues. 
But this prime spot comes at a price for, in what we call the "sociopathic transaction", the apath makes an unspoken Faustian pact with the sociopath, then passively or otherwise participates in the cruel sport. 
Apaths are an integral part of the sociopath's arsenal and contribute to sociopathic abuse. Sociopaths have an uncanny knack of knowing who will assist them in bringing down the person they are targeting. It is not necessarily easy to identify an apath; in other circumstances, an apath can show ample empathy and concern for others - just not in this case. The one attribute an apath must have is a link to the target. 
How apaths, who might otherwise be fair-minded people, become involved in such destructive business is not hard to understand, but it can be hard to accept. The main qualifying attribute is poor judgment resulting from lack of insight. They might be jealous of or angry at the target, and thus have something to gain from the evolving situation. 
At other times, the apath might not want to see the 'bad' in someone, particularly if the sociopath is useful. Or they might choose not to see because they have enough on their plate and do not possess the wherewithal or moral courage to help the targeted person at that time. Usually, be it active or passive involvement, the apath's conscience appears to fall asleep. It is this scenario that causes people blindly to follow leaders motivated only by self-interest. 
An apath's response to a sociopath's call to arms can then result from a state of 'learned helplessness'. Apaths behave defenselessly because they want to avoid unpleasant or harmful circumstances [including the sociopath turning on them]. Apathy is an avoidance strategy. 
Often, the person targeted by the sociopath is an empath. Empaths are ordinary people who are highly perceptive and insightful and belong to the 40% of human beings who sense when something's not right, who respond to their gut instinct.
n the 1990s, researchers suggested that there was a positive relationship between empathy and emotional intelligence. Since then, that term has been used interchangeably with emotional literacy. 
What this means in practice is that empaths have the ability to understand their own emotions, to listen to other people and empathise with their emotions, to express emotions productively and to handle their emotions in such a way as to improve their personal power. 
People are often attracted to empaths because of their compassionate nature. A particular attribute is that they are sensitive to the emotional distress of others. Conversely, they have trouble comprehending a closed mind and lack of compassion in others. 
Very highly empathic people can find themselves helping others at the expense of their own needs, which can lead them to withdraw from the world at times. 
It is odd. Most of us enjoy watching films and reading books about heroes who refuse to go along with the crowd, which suggests there is something admirable about people who make a bold stand. 
But in real life, watching someone raise their head above the parapet often makes the rest of us feel queasy. Most - the 60% majority - prefer the easy life. It was interesting to discover, when doing the research for this book, how often people see empaths in problematical terms. 
Empaths use their ability to emphasize and to boost theirs and others' well being and safety. Problems arise for empaths, however, when there are apaths in the vicinity. Empaths can be brought down, distressed and forced into the position of the lone fighter by the inaction of more apathetic types round them. 
The usual set-up goes like this: the empath is forced to make a stand on seeing the sociopath say or do something underhand. The empath challenges the sociopath, who straight away throws others off the scent and shifts the blame on to the empath. The empath becomes an object of abuse when the apath corroborates the sociopath's perspective. 
The situation usually ends badly for the empath and sometimes also for the apath, if their conscience returns to haunt them or they later become an object of abuse themselves. But, frustratingly, the sociopath often goes scot free. 
Sociopaths rarely vary this tried-and-tested formula because it virtually guarantees them success. 
Sociopaths draw in apaths by various means: flattery, bribery, disorienting them with lies. A sociopath will go to any lengths to win her game.I am sorry about our last talk. I still am not sure who I was talking to. That is the problem with this medium of communication. 
There is one last thing I wanted to tell you. There was a reason I was grumpy last time we talked and it was not your fault. I enjoyed our 'anonymous' talks this last month. I think I misunderstood something.
Let me say one last thing, then do whatever you like.I should have just asked if you wanted to go to dinner, or have lunch, or simply talk more.  Instead I walked out of the store into the cold, wondering what I was doing.  I know you are only in town for a couple days, but still . . .  I hope you make it to the tea shop and have some tea.  If you do, ask about me, and maybe we can still talk.Stopped by Fat Cobra this afternoon after a meeting and ran into you as I was about to leave. Both bearded, you-more gray, very handsome older guy. we both like to kiss. You said you'd seen me around before...
I was running a little late and on my way out, so our experience was a little less intense than it could have been. I'm definitely capable of much more fun; into a lot.
let me know if you'd like to try again some time.I just had a conversation with you that you quit seeing some guy recently. I said he must not have appreciated you and I could be your rebound guy. You laughed, said I was to young for you. I wanted to talk more but you had to take a call from your kids. You are a smoking hot older lady and I was serious. I should have got your number. I hope you see this.Yeah, it was totally misogynistic. And I don't care how many woman you've gone out with or how diverse the women you slept with were. That proves nothing.
You're just butt hurt someone called you out on your behavior. But, whatever.We exchanged smiles while checking out; you were in the counter right next to me. I am the tall east indian guy and was with my son. I am pretty sure your smile meant more than what it was, but could not talk to you since I was with my kid. 
I think you are beautiful and I would love to talk to you. I know I have my marriage vows, but what the hell. Message me if you think this was you, and what you remember about me.I sat next to the window, opposite the entryway into the shop's annex-room from you.
You wore a dark orange/rust cardigan and greyish shoes of the sort worn by one who runs or hikes or steals shoes from those who run or hike. Your face was remarkably pleasant and bespoke an able mind and a warm heart. 
We echanged a glance or two of a sort that didn't seem to suggest anything beyond the functional viability of our respective ocular organs - but my own glances at you did carry the extra weight of distinct interest. 
You were much involved for the duration of my visit with something intermittantly humorous emanating from the screen of your laptop. An exchange with your significant other, perhaps, or a lighthearted article on the delights of molesting baby sloths. Sicko. 
Still, drop me a line.Ms. Phillips, 
Every time I come into the bank I hope to se you walking to the window instead of sitting at your desk. You are by FAR the most well put together employee working there, your legs are outstanding and you are always smiling and well dressed, not to mention your killer body. 
I doubt that you or anyone you know will see this, but if you do, lunch would be my pleasure.I'm 18 and looking for anyone that doesn't mind kicking it and sharing their bud lol I'm in Vancouver until I go back to NY next week. Hmu if you're about ithey, thanks everyone for your responses....I'm very pleased that so many women out there get it. Gives me hope:) For those of you who accused me of mysogyny....I don't think you know what that word means and I don't think you comprehended the meaning of that encounter.
I am not the squirrel whisperer, Sorry! And the only other things I've posted on here is a poem awhile back (not a love poem, a break-up poem) and a metaphor about monsters  :)
I've experienced much in this life and this world. All kinds of people from all kinds of different backgrounds and places. I've worked in extremely diverse environments doing extremely diverse (and often dangerous) jobs. I've dated women from everywhere in the spectrum and all over the world....what I have come to see is that regardless of race, religion, or culture...the predominate factor that governs is economic backgound. For instance, I will and have had a better connection with a girl from the slums of Islamabad than I will with a rich girl from Lake Oswego. This is of course a generalization, there are exceptions to everything and nothing in life can be so rigidly stratified. I also have close friends who happen to be born into wealth who are still stellar, aware, and beautiful people. That notwithstanding, there are very deep things that are intrinsic to us that are formed by these forces. 
I believe in love. I believe that it brings out the best in us. I believe that it can bridge any divide that exists. I don't know why I continue to believe this:) 
I've tested this. I've been in love with two different women from wealthy backgrounds and the result was the same both times. Almost exactly the same. Neither of them understood the most basic things about me. Both of them took the same exact stances, employed the same exact seperation tactics, and excused themselves from any responsibility in the name of "loving themselves". I was an excursion for them, something exciting and different, nothing more. A toy really.
"I need to figure myself out" translates in rich girl jargon to  "I want to screw other men." There is nothing wrong with wanting to screw other men, most people aren't monogamous, never have been and never will be (whether they are honest with themselves about that are not). The problem arises when you mislead someone and allow them believe things that aren't true ie: I love you and want to be with only you.
Both breakups were brutal for me, because of the aformentioned. I've never experienced anything near that kind of mindfuck and nonsense from other women I have dated and truly cared for that were from what I am from. Its why i am still friends with many of them. My problem is that I have too much patience and I overestimate how much bullshit I can actually take before I have to call them on their...bullshit. And when I do, its suddenly my fault that they behaved the way they did. These are grown women acting like children, unable to face me or themselves.
This experience was a good example of the power of illusion and that is why I chose to share it. I chose to overlook what I knew to be true in order to fill a vacuum. That is never a good idea. I don't hate this girl (date girl, I don't hate anybody),  I wish the best for her. But yes,  I found her humorous. Sorry! She was just kind of ridiculous to me.
Anyway, all the best to all of you. I strongly encourage you to either find and directly contact whomever it is that haunts you or let them go. One thing I know for sure is that life is extremely short, nobody is promised tomorrow, and you can lose years chasing illusions if you aren't careful. Its best to choose to be strong and directly face your problems, whether that means reconciling or letting go.You sat near me on the 68 and i think we made eye contact on the max a few times this week , Say hello next time if you want....Music and snacks.....sounds like a solid plan....I can't wait!!
PS: you are so cute!So, bro, here's the scoop:  either she gave you a disease (you don't know how to handle a condom? and after you exposed yourself, you are not responsible for anything?) or she broke your heart (that's how it goes) or you are a slut too, but mad that she's an equal (and possibly happier) slut.
Either way, give it a rest. Do some yoga. Work on yourself. At this point you are the one with the mental and moral problem.
Original stupid post:
Heather are you a slut or a whore? - m4w - 29 (se portland) 
You're nothing but one fucked up slut Heather L. You have lost count how many guys you banged so far. No wonder your marriage broke down.
You being banging guys after guys, from one week to another. Jumping one relationship to the other so very often.
You are nothing but a despicable person. You are an awful, AWFUL and you have no dignity.
You are not a lady nor a woman. You are a slut and a whore.
You never should have custody for your kid. You are a bad influence raising your kid.
Nothing better suits you than a life of a stripper. Who are you REALLY?You and I played in the steam room. I wish I had asked for your number. I'd like to hang out if you're open to it. I hope you see this. You told me "nice work"The cunts who did this to me, and the dicks responsible. May you be blessed with all the soup in the world to thaw out that frozen core of yours.a vital gem a kick in the ass
a vital gem a kick in the ass
a vital gem a kick in the ass
Boom, boom, boom
Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon
Boom, boom, boom
Even brighter than the moon, moon, moonshe use to bowl there in the middle to late 80's  beautiful eyes,, we went out for a short time,, would love to reconnect and see how life is going,,, thanks to any that can helpYou might be surprised how many people that come here and read have similar problems, and then how easy it is to mistake a post for something that is from the person that you think it is. when in fact it is not. You would be amazed how many people actually post on this missed connections board. I have been deceived and led on by people here in the past to believe that they were the person that I had intended a post for, and I was seriously disappointed when reality set in. 
Don't be fooled into thinking that because something here sounds like someone you know wrote it, cause chances are like ten thousand to one, that they did not! For real! Good luck!This is how I know you felt for me, B. I felt the same way back for you. It was an incessant need, so hard to stay satiated. I loved you and you know that I always will. I am sorry that we will never be able to see each other again . It cannot be. I can make " a lot" of things happen, but this is not one I have a power over. If I had that power, I would use it.I once said to you, "if I had the world to give, id give it to you," 
You replied, " I don't need the world I just need you."
Its been some time since we last where together, yet a day never passes where I don't think of you. Its over, I know this. But the mark left on my soul from our time together coupled with my actions in the end will forever haunt me. And I just want you to know, how incredibly sorry I am for how I treated you. I should of been a better friend to you. I wish I could have been stronger. But I wasn't ready or prepaired to be the man you needed.
But those beautiful moments, the early days, the trip to the coast, will always be held close at heart, that feeling we had together was the most beautiful thing I've ever felt in my life. Thank you so much for sharing your life with me, how ever breef and painful it was, id still to it again. 
A box of rain will ease the pain and love, will see you though,
Good bye Goddess.You work at Taco Bell. You were on break and sung a Christmas song out loud. I laughed.
As I was leaving. Talked to you in parking lot about singing and the cold. You said you were a December baby.
I could've talked to you all day.
Coffee sometime?You work at my sons daycare in Lacenter in the green house. Your a very beautiful blonde with a amazing smile. You commented that jeeps are fun today when I picked my kiddo up. I dont know if your single or not but I do know I think you are very much a gorgeous blonde with a very attractive smile and I am to shy to say it when your at work. Im sure you here this a lot but I wanted to tell you just couldnt think of the words till after I left. I would love to go wheeling sometime with ya if your willing and we can have fun in the jeep getting it muddy and go play in the snow. If you read this or anyone who knows her reads this id love to talk not at the daycare but outside it and see that smile more.  I wont respond if it doesnt involve who I am talking about.There is a 99% chance that post of yours was for me.  You really need to grow up.  You had bad cards dealt to you in life and you use that as an excuse to bring everybody down with you.  You cried about people not giving you a chance, but every time they do they get burned. You aren't going to change.  Your being done contacting me is about the best news I have ever received.  I consider it an early Christmas present.  By the way... you get treated the way you do because of your words and actions.  If you want to meet people who aren't evil you need to change.
**********************************************************************
Prior Post
I tried telling you that shit is evil...... but if you wanna continue be my guest play with the demons and say all the hurtful shit you want..... I'm done trying to be there and believe I'm done contacting you!Brett have a great birthday! See you tonight; )
Love you babe 
Xoxoxoxoxoxo
Xoxoxoxoxo
XoxoxoxoxooI suppose its like a post earlier this week.....if he is,not calling or texting he is just not that into you.  I know you come read the casuals (for the laughs). Unfortunately to many of these posts sound just like you. Oh thats right you are to shy. Never post. Only respond? I call bull shit. You worry about me going through your personal stuff, but I find it funny how you write down personal ad reply addresses and leave them where I can see them. Are you just trying to make me jealous?!? FYI It is not working.  We have had the on again off again thing for a few years.  You wonder why its on again off again?  Clearly thats all you want or you would change.  I will trust in my instincts. I have for a long time and its funny how they are only "wrong" when it comes to you. Oh wait, that is you that ever so quaintly reminds me of that.  I have adored you since day one. At the same time I do not believe you have been completely honest with me, yet I came out with my truths. I keep hoping the day will come when you do also, but I will not wait around forever for it. Just know the next time I walk it will be for good. There will not be anymore us, nor will I look back at our past.  The past will be the past and completely left right where it belongs, in the past and I will forever close my door to you and never look back. Time is a wasting and I am no long want to waste it on someone who does not care to treat me the way I deserve.Hey I missed your name the first time when we met you and your friend at Bar Bar last week, and again last night on the second chance meeting on the streets of downtown. Would love to get a third chance to hang out for a while and get to know you a little better.I came in last night and bought laundry soap. We made eye contact a few times and I was toungue tied. You are so sexy! I was in a redish flannel and red and blue hat. I know you will never read this but it feels good to let it out. Ill be back in hopes of seeing u again and this time I'll try to hit on you. If you do read this email me with redhead in the subject line and let me take you outYou are so cute, you are so cool. I want you to come over and listen to music and eat snacks.Hot daddy at 24 you were wearing blue work out pants and shirt and drive a red Nissan you wear glasses I think. Just wanted to know if you like to play at allYou have pressed my fields in ways I have never experienced thus far. Your Art of Raw drips bright bold colors and totally rocks my blocks... THANK YOU so much for your teaching....your beautiful and massively empowering contribution to the human race ! I am humbled and inspired and filled with gratitude and hope after reading your book. 
Bless you Good Sir...you're a Firework and I won't soon forget your wise words.Honey i'm so sorry. I realize now the reason you did what you did.When i had my tubes tied after Elle was born it must of hurt you more than i thought. Im truely sorry for that. I was very hurt emotionaly crippled is more like it. I wanted you to feel hurt as deep as i was feeling everytime you would disappear for days at a time. And you kept doing it after we were married. Brian i love you with all my heart and i cry for you and the girls everyday still. Ive been with other people and thought i fell in love but it was only an illusion of you.I want more babies but not with someone who is going to disappear on me all the time. Come home and we'll start over,im asking for your forgiveness for the things ive done and you already have mine. lets try this again please!!! my soul misses its mate. together forever never apart,i love you mr.wilson with all of my heart. 
                                                      xoxo SWEETI'm coming back home soon. 
Life's been too treacherous, harsh, super hard and unlucky here for me for the past 13 months (I wouldn't even know where to start to describe it); and, I am throwing in the towel. I gave it a good fight. It didn't go all to waste though. I've learned plenty - about myself and about others. I've had plenty of time to self reflect. I've grown for the better. I have once again regained courtesy, respect, warmth, consideration, realness/sincerity and politeness from being here; in addition to other new things I've learned - being humble, being familiar wth one another, equality, peace, to name a few. 
I am actually happy and looking forward to returning home... a first for me. Every single time I returned home before, I did not really want to return home and was either planning or wanting to leave/move right away to another city or back to the city. But now, I am just looking forward to an easier life, closer to family and also food (hehe).
I wonder if you are still living there in Portland. Will you come home soon too? I hope you do. And, I also hope you contact/email/call me someday soon. I came back for you in 09 (remember?); I think it's your turn :)
I love you (not saying that to freak you out); but ya, I do. 
Going to keep my fingers crossed.
I miss you a lot and need you in my life. 
Goodnight 
.I waved to you before I even knew you, but was to shy to actually come up to you. Afterwards I commented on your scarf but really should have asked for your name or anything. You seem fun and I'd like to get to know you.i am a 35 yo mwm
6'2 225
short beard, hairy
6.5-7 cut thick
ddfree, safe and sane- and need the same
i would love to be sucked and or suck tonight or in the future
ts preferred but passable tv cd okI know you want to move away, and i'm married... but i would LOVE to get together with you, and show you why you should stay.Oh man. I fucked up so bad, because I was scared. Love and acceptance can amplify the basic qualities a person embodies. Some people lust hard and say lies to feel good. Some people aim to please and blame themselves for others' troubles. I am most like the second, and I'm like the first sometimes. My lies bought me time avoiding the urgency of truth which led me to you. I love how serendipitous this meeting seems when seen in the loving frame of mind. This scene is dangerously close to teeming over the edge of closeness and care to despair, disparity and desperate measures. Love is a double-edged swordsman standing at the bottom of an ocean cliff at high tide. 
Yes, I wish I could forget you. I also wish I could forget myself. I still feel you shiver when I fall asleep at night. I still wonder what might be better. What might be. Then I tell myself I'm being melodramatic and to go and see you. Then I regret the self-abuse that I do, so I decide to love myself for now. Then wonder why would I deny myself fulfilling that curiosity. I work myself into these circles of thought that spin the wheels of my mind to find which mood I should use for day to day life and whatnot. I can understand a bit better now why you like to have control of things,.Look n for Kimmie Cat Woman you called me about a year ago and ive tried to call back and never got a answer always just a machine.
BW aka The Batch ManYou were tall, charming and I noticed you immedietly although I didn't have much to say when you stopped into the tanning salon where I sat chatting with a friend.  I thought you were just interested in a tanning package but my friend seemed to think you were hoping to talk to me. If this is true I hope you stop by again-just mention your name this time?  :)I cleard my flatbed ....two days of job site overflow ........I look across the lane and what do I see .......you hopping out of your truck those worn black jeans hugging your ohhh so inviting ass as you bounced back to unload .....I doubt that you believe just how hot you are .......I have not a clue what you were taking to recycle as you passed by.... My Gawd .....look at that smile filled with warmth and comfort with a dash of those little school girl insecurities ...... Well hello there I said with a smile ....No need to check for flying derbies ..... My eyes never left you :))...... Would love to write you ....see you :))Do you ever feel like a plastic bag
 Drifting through the wind, wanting to start again?
 Do you ever feel, feel so paper thin
 Like a house of cards, one blow from caving in?
 Do you ever feel already buried deep six feet under?
 Scream but no one seems to hear a thing
 Do you know that there's still a chance for you
 'Cause there's a spark in you?
 You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine
 Just own the night like the 4th of July
 'Cause, baby, you're a firework
 Come on, show 'em what you're worth
 Make 'em go "Oh, oh, oh"
 As you shoot across the sky-y-y
 Baby, you're a firework
 Come on, let your colours burst
 Make 'em go "Oh, oh, oh"
 You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe
 You don't have to feel like a wasted space
 You're original, cannot be replaced
 If you only knew what the future holds
 After a hurricane comes a rainbow
 Maybe you reason why all the doors are closed
 So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road
 Like a lightning bolt, your heart will glow
 And when it's time you'll know
 You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine
 Just own the night like the 4th of July
 'Cause, baby, you're a firework
 Come on, show 'em what you're worth
 Make 'em go "Oh, oh, oh"
 As you shoot across the sky-y-y
 Baby, you're a firework
 Come on, let your colours burst
 Make 'em go "Oh, oh, oh"
 You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe
 Boom, boom, boom
 Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon
 It's always been inside of you, you, you
 And now it's time to let it through-ough-ough
 'Cause, baby, you're a firework
 Come on, show 'em what you're worth
 Make 'em go "Oh, oh, oh"
 As you shoot across the sky-y-y
 Baby, you're a firework
 Come on, let your colours burst
 Make 'em go "Oh, oh, oh"
 You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe
 Boom, boom, boom
 Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon
 Boom, boom, boom
 Even brighter than the moon, moon, moonAlmost ran into outside the store then said hi inside, hope to continue a conversation with you. You met your friend and left with her.It's been close to a month since we broke up, and while I don't feel the anger I once did, I'm still hurting. I hate that when I see your picture on the fridge in the breakroom, I still find you attractive. But I hate that it makes me wonder. Still questioning what I could've possibly done to make you leave. You said I did nothing wrong,  but if that were the case,  wouldn't we still be together?  
I did do something wrong. I had to. I did something that you just couldn't deal with and there's a few things that come to mind. I'm not perfect,  never even began to act like I was.  But 2 things that I'm sure were off-putting were my exes. There was nothing I could do about my ex husband. He unfortunately will be a fixture in my life until my daughter is an adult. No, I never enjoyed talking about him but you needed to be aware of his presence and how he affects my life.  I'm sorry if my past was too overwhelming for you. It has been overwhelming for me.
Then the ex boyfriend,  before you.  I know how much you hated him even though you never met him. The thing about him was, yeah he was rather annoying but he was never a threat. I never wanted to get back with him. He just would text me randomly whenever he was bored. I never hated him though, we had a mutual breakup and got along better as friends. I know you hated the fact that I would respond to his texts, but I don't burn bridges. I have no reason to. 
I wish the same could be said for you. I wish I could talk to you,  but I can't. You made it abundantly clear that you don't want to put forth any effort into anything with me. You won't even look at me. All I really want is for you to man up and tell me the real reasons as to why you no longer want me in your life. I just want the truth so I can learn from my mistakes, and move on. You probably don't even read these things, so I guess this is more of a cry out to the universe in an attempt to let go. I don't know why it's so hard to.  I did have feelings for you. More than I think I anticipated. I was trying to take things slow so things wouldn't blow up in my face. I don't know what happened or where I went wrong.  But I suppose it doesn't really matter anymore. It's done, it's over...just wish these thoughts and feelings would too.You are the dark haired doorman at the Embassy Suites downtown. Dude, I think you're so hot, and would drop to my knees for you whenever you needed it. Hope you see this message, because I'd like to take care of your needs.You boarded the streetcar on Tuesday afternoon. You were wearing grey slacks, glasses, and black shoes and had a blue backpack with "Deloitte" on it. I tried to catch your eye a couple of times - you are so handsome. I doubt you will see this, and not even sure if you are gay, but just wanted you to know how handsome you are.We went to school together and we talked a little.. You haven't change.. Still very beautiful... I didn't see a ring on your finger and with my daughter there I didn't want to ask. Would like to talk more with you. Maybe over coffee.. That is if your single .. If not your still a beautiful woman and it was nice seeing you. I'm sure you can get my phone number from your office if you want to call. I was nice seeing you again...Happened in the bathroom. I want more! You were handsome, Hispanic, in blue active wear. Tell me something about me. Send a picture please!I thought you were cute but was too much of a wimp to do anything more than smile a few times.There was hot couple in the steam Rm that was flashing me and i enjoyed watching her rub her pussy and my cock was rock hard.... I will b there again this.evening ane hope to see them again or anyone who wants to fuck around...
I think it woukd also b hot to either have someone walk in on me or i walk in on them inside the UniSex shower room
... Perhaps WS or just me jerking off on your face... Im down for almost anytbing so please ask!Some-body's Crank-y...
(Posting Description is quite short.  Craigslist does not charge per word - please elaborate!)
Elaboration complete.MMissed the group hug with you guys wish we could try again. Was headin back to the the same place this weekend hope you still know itThis will more than likely not be answered, however, yesterday evening I was in Powell's bookstore, the coffee shop portion. I was likely wearing black, and have medium-length dark brown hair. 
You walked by with a group of several people, we exchanged glances for quite some time, well, several times. 
I'll just let this sit here for a while. 
Enjoy your day.You were our waiter. I smiled at you whenever you walked by and you seemed like you were making sure you looked at me whenever you walked by so you could smile back. I know it's your job to be friendly but there seemed to be more there. 
I asked you about a particular item that came with our meal and left you something on the bill. 
Let me know what I asked about and if you saw it, what I wrote on the bill.I was walking past you and notice your sexy boots and blue jeans, also that you looked at me as i passed behind you and later as i looked back at you. I was wearingmy grey hoodie. I was in a rush so i couldnt stop and say something.. Hope you see this lolYou looked great in those braided pony tails...they get me every time!!!  I noticed you and you noticed me.  Would love to hear from you.We met on Tuesday, shared a few moments at a video store, you know which one.
I never got your name and we only noded as I. left, should of found out more.
We kissed, you took me from behind, but we never got to finish. I would like to finish you
and spend more time doing it. I wore a body suit which came off, I ejoyed it all
Lets talk again. Get back to me. Put where we met in subject line, and what I looked like 
in body.Met up this morning briefly. You- handsome man in a white car and blue button up work shirt. I followed you in and sucked you off.. Out of the norm for me, but would you want to meet up again? Let me know what color I was wearing or some other detail if you happen to see this, and are interested.You were there again today, green polo and light colored pants eating by the window. I was in and out, wearing black pants and black coat. You looked over my way several times.....
Older post:
You are a very handsome big bellied man that came into the Farmhouse Cafe (1st and Main) around 12:30, Monday. You wore light colored pants, a blue polo with an orange logo, glasses, dark hair. You were just behind me in line for the cash register...I'm sure you caught me looking once or twice.
Let me know if you'd like to get some coffee sometime and we'll take it from there...I'm open to anything respectable. Very discrete here, clean, safe.You were restocking beverages and I was grocery shopping. Seen you before but never said hi. Describe yourself so I know it's you and maybe we can go from thereThis is a long shot, but I really liked your smile! You came into my work and I asked if you had a brother because you reminded of me of an old friend.. If I wasn't so awkward at this I would have kept talking!
Hope this reaches you!I can't help but randomly think of you and the prick you turned out to be. What a shame... It's been a while by now but there is still that slight sting remaining. What you did to me has been done to you, I just hope it hurt you worse. I want to say fuck you, but I'm not there yet... Keep cold.When will I see you again? You always fine me ease my way more info please. perhaps another clue?Where will you appear next? Lets find out what's really on our mind. Ease my way more info please.I do not blame you for assuming that some of the girls I would hang out with could potentially be  someone I was seeing. However, they were all  either my married or already taken friends or  better  yet one of my sisters visiting. You seemed to give  me way too much credit. Even  going as far as to create a storyline  in your head that I was something I wasn't.. Perhaps to make it easy for yourself to not want to get any closer than we had. Now we don't speak to each other and  that is  unfortunate. I just don't enjoy the reason why. Anywho.. I was listening  to this and I somehow thought of  you. youtube.com/watch?v=CeSOwfvcoDw 
I would be more than  happy to talk if you just opened that door for me. Just sayin'.We were both getting food at the same time. You made the effort to get my attention and I totally fumbled the opportunity. I was in a hurry to get back home but now I'm kicking myself for not getting at least your name or number.  Tell me what we talked about if you want to meet sometime.All of you are such beautiful liars, creatures weak of your own lust.
You intice me not. If not brutally honest, don not approach me.
Fabricate truth and in my gaze you turn to dust.          
Believe your delusion here is not wanted or of any need.
Please to the fake and frail willed of carnal desire dispite loyalty, 
leave me be.I just got home and am gonna post this while I'm still buzzed and thinking about you. We were both on the stairs at the Doug Fir for Portugal. The Man and I kept looking over to check you out/see if you were with anyone. I meant to hit you up afterward, but I got bombarded by other people and let you slip away. If you noticed and are interested, I'd love to get to know you. Tell me where I was standing, what I was wearing, or something that lets me know you're who I'm after.I have met you twice, silently. The first time was last year at the Morbid Angel show in October. You stopped me and pointed to my Master's Hammer shirt and then pointed to your Baphomet pendant. The last time was at the latest Morbid show. You were buying merch right in front of me. We glanced at each other briefly. I want to know you. Please contact me. Or if anyone knows who I am talking about let her know about this post."We live in a world fueled by illusions." I said. "People just believe whatever is necessary to continue living as selfishly as they can. They don't want truth, they want what feels good. They want the fog, not the light" 
"I like ice cream and sand castles and my best friend is a balloon." she said.
"Yup." I said. Seriously hoping, but very much unsure, that she was being sarcastic.
"I know what you mean, but can you blame people for that?" She said.
"That's what I've been trying to figure out." I said.
"I don't know, what do you think?" She said.
"I guess you can't blame people for coping with what can be a very brutal world...I think that people are a mix. Some beautiful and shining most of the time and some ugly and manipulative most of the time, most are somewhere in the middle....I've experienced too much of the harsh side." I said. "But I can't live my life that way. I have to believe that people are mostly good. If I didn't, I might as well curl up and die."
Her eyes kind of glazed over.
"I thought we were gonna talk about favorite drinks and tell stupid jokes." She said.
"Whiskey and coke, and how many Paul Walker look-alikes does it take to drive....." 
"Ahhh.....toooo soooon." She said, with genuine concern.
"Really? Do you know how many other people died on that day?" I said.
"No, but I bet you're gonna tell me." She said.
"155,000" I said. "Why does this guy matter?"
"Well, he's famous, he's rich, and he's hot." She said. "What's the matter, you jealous?"
"No, I'm none of those things but I don't want to be any of those things either. He captures their attention because they are told to pay attention to him." I said. "People don't think for themselves, they are told what to feel, how to feel, and what to pay attention too. This is what matters. I overheard a couple in line at the store talking about him like they knew him. Its wild...why are they mourning a stranger and not the 155,000 others? Do we worship media so much that we have actually tricked ourselves into believing that these people are intimate parts of our lives? Something is terribly wrong with all of this....people are actually living these illusions, everyday."
"You think too much." She said, her posture becoming defensive. "And you're obviously not rich."
Uh-Oh, I thought, maybe she knows Paul Walker.
"Maybe you don't think enough." I said. "And how do you know I am not rich?"
"Because you're not, look at you." She said, her face now resembling an exasperated cartoon.
Pause.
Silence. 
I wanted to like her. 
I was very quickly not liking her.
When I met her at the grocery store, she seemed so good hearted and smart. But here and now, she just seemed shallow and uninteresting. I realized that I had done it again, I had taken what she said when we met and made it into what I wanted it to be, instead of the nonsense that it actually was. I've done this before. Not often, but its happened.
Why?
I don't know. The deepest attraction for me is in the mind and personality. I have to be at least somewhat physically attracted to a woman, but to really be invested there has to be a light on somewhere. A real connection. Its so hard to find, so rare, and I crave it so badly, that I create it for myself just to fill the void. I was living my own illusion!!!!
"Where are you from?" I said.
"Lake Oswego." She said.
I started laughing. And I couldn't stop. I had beer dripping out of my nose by the end of it. I felt like a total and complete asshole, but I couldn't for the life of me stop. Her face became confused and then curious and then angry, but that just made me laugh harder. 
She pulled her cell phone out of her purse. Then she said, pretending to have just received a text, "I have to go, thanks for the drink, dick." I didn't say anything because I couldn't stop laughing. I managed to sqeak out "I'm Sorry!!!! I have a condition!!!" as she marched away almost tripping over her high heels, to be driven home fast and furiously by the ghost of Paul Walker.
Dating is hard :)While reflecting on days long past, my mind cannot help but drift to thoughts of you. Meeting through a mutual friend, we used to chat a lot, hung out a bit, and once or twice pushed the bounds of simple friendship. Of course I was with someone else, and you were dealing with your own relationship issues. 
I remember some of the talks we had, and one afternoon we hung out that you probably have long since forgotten. Nothing happened but a hug and a moment of holding your hand. We had a nice walk through a lovely wetland, did some fishing, talked a lot. You probably didn't know how torn I felt inside - wishing I was "with" you instead of her. 
I also remember a weird date - you tagged along with me and her to see a movie, and she did nothing but give me the cold shoulder while you actually snuggled to my side and played with my hand. 
Knowing now, what I wish I'd known then - that she was never faithful to me, and that I was her weekend fling and not the full time "boyfriend" she'd lead me to believe, I wish I'd left her long before. 
I wish I had taken you up on your offer you made one night, to see what two bodies could do on an old wooden rocking chair. I wish I'd gotten to see just how flexible and wonderful your body was. A true beautiful ballerina. I was a fool. I would've been your fool had you ever asked, I'm sure of it. Maybe we were both afraid to ask. 
And then our friendship seemed to come to an abrupt end - because of lies told. The better part of a decade had passed before we even spoke again - and then, because of the jealousies of another woman that neither of us were actually involved with, we lost touch again. 
You've done very well - survived some extraordinary personal struggles. Married. Happy, last I saw you. You're still gorgeous. Your husband is very lucky. 
Life has taken us down a vastly divergent path - both married. I have a son now, a wonderful, energetic little man. I thought someone told me you had a baby, though I don't know for sure. I'm sure, if true, that it's a beautiful child like his or her parents. I'm sure you're a wonderful mother.  
There's many things I would change about my life, if I could. Not asking you on a date, not asking you if you wanted to be more than friends is something I wish I could've changed, even if we didn't wind up partners in the end. Life is full of regrets.
I still hold simply walking in the sunshine, by the ponds with you as a cherished memory. I wonder if you ever think about that day? 
I wish for you the best in life - love, happiness, health, and success. 
Merry Christmas to you and your family.You were driving a Greyesh Chevy Van..I was in the Bronco taking Pictures...your beautiful..wanna know you..hit me up..Maybe I only needed you for a short time;
would that be fine?
Just so you know
that, though short,
this one just broke the mold.You were a helpful guy at the fried chicken place in Beaverton on Walker Rd.  I purposely don't ever stop there because the food and service is soooOOOOOoooo bad.  But tonight I was starving (not literally, but I was really hungry) and you took such great care of me as a customer.  I am sure you probably do that for everyone.  I was watching how you were keeping that place together.  Tall guy, black shirt, sandy hair.  My opinion is you are the kind of guy I'd want working for me.  I felt like my order was personally attended to by you as they were fixing and cooking those strips.   Gave me a drink when all I wanted was water.  So anyhow, thanks for being so helpful and making my late night meal completely worth stopping there for.  I'll do it again sometime.  And oh by the way, because of the way you shepherded my order, it was fresh hot and delicious.  Not old and cold and dried out like it has been in the past.  Thanks again.You wear a yellow ducks sweatshirt, have blonde hair. I think you might be a waitress?  My schedule has changed recently so i haven't seen you in a week or so. Im the good looking guy with blonde hair blue eyes.  You've seen me wear a black ducks sweatshirt, usually head phones.  I'm so chicken when it comes to talking to a girl i like.  Especially when we've never spoken before.   You seem like a sweet girl, and you're sexy as hell.  Part of the reason it seems so hard to try and talk to you is because you try so hard to not make eye contact with anyone on the bus.  I don't know why I'm so infatuated with a girl I've never spoken to.We spoke as I entered the store and again as I left.  You were looking sexy in your black leggings and little skirt.  You said you were a "Country Girl" and that you like sushi too.  Just wondering, being one of 'Santa's Helpers' are you nice or naughty because I would like to know more.  So I know its you, tell me what my shirt said in the reply.you are in my class
very cute!
i feel like you are trying to get my attention but i don't know for sure
if you think your the guy 
email me back with the class at the least!   Your very cute and I would like to chat with ya
today nov 26th we had a sub!  (that sould narrow it down!)In the past couple of months we've shared an elevator ride just a couple of times, each time I notice how cute you are but I A. do not know if you are gay and B. am too shy to say anything, because of item A.  We apparently live only 1 floor apart.  If you think this might be you I am writing about let me know a detail of something. . . anything from yesterdays ride up.  I'd like to actually talk sometime. 
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________I was standing on the corner smoking, listening to the Avett Brothers. You walked up to me an asked if I had an extra to spare. I couldn't think of what to say and I gave you one naturally. Wish I could of had the gumption to say something to you. You were wearing tall black leather boots and a studded leather jacket, and eyes that I got lost in. Thanks for making my day. I know it's a long shot but what's there to loseTo the adorable hostess at Ava Genes - I was the fella in Monday night for my birthday, grey corduroy jacket, white collared shirt, short hair...we kept catching eyes and smiling. Making that introductory move as a customer is tough even under the best conditions, but I had my friends with me which made it nearly impossible. I'm hoping our flirty glances were mutual...if so, let's go for a walk in this freezing weather. I'll bring the cocoa.You asian looking.
Myself white guy
We seen each other inside
Send me interest....messageDon't worry about watching your six, you'll see me coming. Unlike you, I don't stab people in the back.Hi, you & I were checking eachother out. I dropped my groceries in car and came back in to ask you if you were interested but couldn't find you. I liked what I saw and do regret not just saying hi right next to the lettuce. I was so distracted by you that I bought 2 organic limes....der! 
Anywho's...I am sure you won't see this, but if you do, let's connect.You cut my hair, you said it needed to look beautiful, what was my reason for why it didn't have to look great???I miss you L***, I hope you are doing good..........................................................................................................................wow, quit your crying, we people flag a  post, that you people usualy post things like... you have a nice cock,i blew you at 24 hr fitness now you blow me,things that we the people don't really need to see.you people allways have to explain way to much info, speaking of info,if you just got done blowing his huge cock at 24 fitness or anywhere else, its not a missed connection, if you are exchanging cum bubbles ,how bout exchanging phone numbers.just sayin ... have a good day.this is lame. idk. what song were we trying to piece together?????????????????????????????????????????????????Hey, I didn't get to properly say thank you but we hope you got the jist with us hollin out the window!  You bought us cookies in the drive threw line and they were awesome. I hope you have good luck doing things for others for your birthday and I really hope someone does something nice for you. I'd like to buy you a drink if youre available.  ((And if you know this pay it forward girl let her know we all paid it forward for her birthday))
Thanks!
~flattered by the girl in the subraban being awesomeI walked in with my heart hurting with emptiness from a lot of hurt over the past few months.  I knew I was ready, and I prepared myself.  I had got down on my knees only a few days earlier and asked that someone was given to me,  because my heart was ready to be filled.  I froze in my tracks when I first seen your eyes from across the room.  I could not breath, and my heart walked towards you.  
The rest of me followed.  I stood on the other side of the table and could say nothing.  I was shaking.  I asked if I could sit down because I was about to fall.  You were tantalizing.  We talked, we danced and we talked some more.  You told me that you had asked for your heart to be filled a few days before, I had said nothing to that point.  
Skip to the end.
We traded numbers.  We hugged.  We talked about how we would talk the next day.  
I never heard from you again.  
Note.  When I woke up the next morning, Kelly, I was in love with you.  Thank you for letting
me feel that way.We met Monday evening December 2nd, but did not talk at all.  After, We were walking out at the same time, I wish I would have said something...  Let's meet again....On Saturday you were listening to comedy bang bang, looking bangin'. We discussed it for a moment before I had to go. 
I would love to talk about podcasts with you some more!We kept making eye contact at The Conquistador last night. I was with a group of friends at the tables near the door. You were at the bar, talking to a buddy in a black hoodie for a while before he left. When we were leaving, you were already outside with some guys. I saw you turn around and look at me, but I was busy saying goodbye to my friends... I went one way and they went the other. Want to do more than trade glances? Let me know something about what I was wearing, or something so I know it's you..we said hello in passing
it was obvious we knew each other
if you see this please let me know
Tell me what as on your left shoulder of your jacket so I know it is you
I had on a white sweatshirt and black knit capYou were behind me in line, I had a baby with me , we talked a little, about 3:15 pm today, tuesday....Well made it here and finished my day. Not staying where said I would. You had your reasons what you did but I did my best. It's not always easy fighting time zones. Was sincere in what I am and I have a lot to do that I think you don't quite comprehend. Sorry you won't be part of it as wanted all these months to discover it and know for sure/certain. This is about the last place I would expect to write about it but only place can think of where you may know so there is a record of it. May have done things better but in life, we are dealt the hand we are and were given. Despite the long illness, have rebounded and not one to not be resilient in not coming back stronger which I have done these last two months. In dees would always extend that to you freewill and respect. Perhaps I should have been given that same courtesy coming far but now I know. Plans had been changed last moment but here I am. All I will say if you change your mind for blackstan then you know how to reach me. If this is it will always rem you as we both move on. If you always wanted to make sure, you know where I may be reached to manage that risk. Take care. MI want to make out with you tomorrow night! Pleeeeeeaaaase! If that's OK, respond back with a clue that would tell me you are the right Laura :)You were the beautiful brunette in jeans and a white hoodie. We passed on the street and then I saw you in the Goodwill. I smiled at you and wanted to tell you how gorgeous I thought you were, but the words just didn't come out.Your name begins with a T.  I joined as you were working over a big bottom in the room under the sling room.  Then later we went to my room and you bottomed for me.  Unbelievably hot and still on my mind.  I come to Portland periodically.  Would love to meet again, at Hawks or maybe go out--as long as I can eventually take you back to my nice hotel room and show you what else I can do.  Tell me some other specifics so I know it's you.  Very serious about meeting again.Hi. We've flirted before. I see you at the gym. We had a nice chat today, and have hooked up before. 
I was wearing blue shorts you had black shorts, you keep your shirt on in the steam room. 
Sorry to say but someone just told me they had Gonorrhea and might have exposed me. We both need to go get tested.Just wan to say you caught my eyes right away and when you stepped up to sing simple man on Saturday night, damn sugar!  Would love to here you sing again!  Maybe me to sleep. Lol  
Hope your single and you see this!  XoxoLooking for the fun couple that was dressed as a inmate and cop at the club the night of Holloween...
I really enjoyed one of my most memerable nights of my life.. hope to find M&KYou had on skin tight black pants, long brownish hair, beautiful eyes and a blue phone case.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I think you were flirting with me. 
So much eye contact and hints of a smile or two.
A true beauty.
Oh, by the way......nice boots. ;-)We had a very decent friendship going, I really enjoyed our communications and occasional meetings. Then you vanished. Congrats on your marriage.You came into your locker from working out after I had just showered.  Noticed you upstairs.  You have a great body.  Would you be up for working out together or hanging out?  You dropped a towel on my foot.  Shoot me a message if interested in meeting up.  Include something I didn't mention so I know it is you, like the color of your shirt.  Later man.We smile at each other and workout on the same machines. Just thought I'd try to say high here so you would know, its a long shot.You worked on the house we lived in on Farragut. Remember the windows gone for a day and the summer sunshine streaming in?
You told me and my little boy about Falcon Cove near Manzanita. It has become a favorite and sacred place for us. 
I've always wondered what happened to you. Didja make a good life?Had an interview today around 10. You were so. Fuckin. Hot. That smirk, that piercing. It took a lot for me not to hit on you!!!wow our eyes met as i was walking out of papa murphys last nite,  you where soo cute and hot looking in that skirt with those black stockings or were they leggins.  mmmm very sexy looking.  and yes.  wow great smile.  i was in a real hurry or i would have stopped and asked if you wanted to get a coffee. i sensed though that you were probably in a hurry too. seeing how you where getting a pizza also for dinner.  so ............ lets not be in such a hurry now and get that coffee?You'll probably never see this but what the hell. You were sitting there waiting for your car to be ready.. You were wearing a red coat, black leggings and probably a skirt, even though it's freezing haha. You are very pretty! I noticed you look my way a couple of times. I wanted to say hi but I was working and that wouldn't be very professional. Send me an email if you'd like to to get coffee or dinner sometime.You, yes You. Yeah, I finally gave in and hit up the arcade at paradise video on Stark St. last night. The desire to stroke a nice cock was too strong, and i didnt have a choice anymore. The place was as expected, a little creepy but clean, a few stalker-ish older guys who were way too pushy (come on fellas, hygiene and manners okay?), who wouldnt take a polite "I'll pass but thank you" without having to be a bit rude. I was a little grossed out, and about to make my less than gracious exit..but then You came in... a very nice, clean and respectful, dark chocolate cock... You didnt grunt the pushy "suck it bitch", You didnt rasp out the meth-breath infused "Give me your cum man", You were actually patient and nice. You let me stroke you, you stroked me, (great smooth hands BTW), you were patient enough to let me slip a condom on your perfect cock and wrap my mouth around you (Yeah, i'm clean and staying that way), and play with that absolutely stunning cock as long as i wanted. I really liked slipping that condom off and watching you shoot your load into my hands at the end. I would like to play with that cock of yours again, but since i didnt slip you my number, and will most likely never go back to the dark rooms of paradise again, a simple thank you will have to do.  If the 1 in a million chance you read this happens, dont hesitate to email me hereWe talked for A little while and I couldn't stop smiling. I want to know so much more about you. Maybe we can get dinner? I didn't see a ring on your finger (hopefully for me I checked the right hand) I was at that store yesterday and didn't see you :( hopefully you still work there.I went in about an hour and a half before closing to grab some rum and you were sampling some whiskey..  You must have been bored because you mentioned how you were creeped out by this specialty bottle of rum that had a face.. Anyways I don't know if you're always that nice, but either way I thought it was cute.  Reply with more details if you find this..  :]You came in this early morning with a guy (I dont know if he was your bf or not) and you told me we were neighbors. I thought you were cute and i didnt get to talk to you much. Im interested in chatting to get to know you. I work at the store on the corner up the road from our apartment complex. You told me what apartment you lived in. Reply back to me if you would like to chat with the complex name and apartment you live in.i find myself thinking of you somtimes wondering... i see your friends at bars ... they say your living and laughing an though i try to grin and bear it... it sucks! you once told me that every one of your ex b's have attempted to get you back and that if we ever broke up that i would be the only one you would consider. as much as it would be such a different relationship bein with you it seems seening as we have gone so far from where we were at our time. how would could we continue? probably cant. i understand that.. but i still think about you so much an i havnt been able to figure out why with the way that we split... maybe had somthin to do with no closure after giving ur bros guitar back.... idk................ i miss your everyting!!!. . .I'm looking for you. We met in San Francisco. . .Rummaging my papers I ran into a small book you had published some time back. You gave it to me. It flooded me with memories. I wish I could talk to you. I've been meaning to get a hold of you for some time now. Poeina Suddarth played Brainwash Caf in San Francisco some time back. I forgot to see the show but remembered how you spoke of her adoringly. You've likened me to her in some respect or another. Flattering. You wrote a song for her, and published the words in your book: ". . .there's more art in your jaw line than ever made by ma[n]" you wrote. That was lovely. If this should find you I hope you'll get in touch. . .You and I met eyes a few times and later you walked in, ate my ass, and ducked me good. If you want to do it again let me know. What room was I in?I sucked you off in the very back today. 
I thought you were so fuckin' hot, and I thought You wanted to do OTHER things!
You should let me know.
You're totally the kind of man I could get into.
Seriously, I can still taste you in my mouth!You are an absolutely adorable, super fit blonde.  I'm tall, with short brown hair, glasses and tattoos.
It feels like we have had a mutual crush on each other, but I have never wanted to be that guy that hits on girls at the gym.
Recently, I noticed you started working out with a guy, you two looked cute together.  Last night, I watched you walk around the gym over and over.  Looking for him?  You looked worried and confused, like he said he would meet you at a certain time and didn't show.
If he makes you feel insecure, or doesn't respect your time then he isn't for you.
One of the things that always attracted me to you is how strong and independent you look.
Don't lose yourself for him.I met you two girls last night. You were both super friendly and I'm sorry I wasn't able to stick around and hang with you both. I have a feeling that we could have had some fun...i dont know what happened and why u did what u did but i love u and i had hoped the same for me   so because i love u  i can let u go  wither u decide to come back to me is ur choice and staying is urs to. I miss u and u know my number if u want  to be friendsMarried, much?
Plan to cheat, a little?
That girl doesn't care a lot, does she?
*******
.... and CL says Some required information is missing or incorrect.
Please correct the fields marked in red:
Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!Whore is right! Yes her family did move to oregon, Bend I believe.
 Her mother is definatly a cheater and a known bi polar . Like daughter like mother.THIS IS A LONG SHOT, BUT I SHOULD HAVE CHARGED YOU YOUR NUMBER FOR THE USE OF THE SHARPIE. I MUST HAVE STILL BEEN SLEEPING. 
IF THIS FINDS YOU DINNER MAYBE?I'm 99.9% sure this isn't for me....but could you please share some initials or something? It sounds very familiar....
No spammers....I'm not a total idiot! :)It's the holiday season Heather. You'll give lots of heads.
Spread the joy of christmas loyd. 'Tis the season of giving. We love you.I gave u my cock though gloryhole..then my ass  then we kiss eachother. Then I asked u if we can go to a pruvare one and we went... w r both gotnakef and hug and kiss..I gave u my emaill.. please email me.. I want u one more time..im latino late 40s... and u are about my age... u salt and pepper hair. .yourboy97223 at  hotmailI am still a little confused about this lifestyle. I understand why one person wants to engage in sadistic acts, but can't understand why the partner likes to be hurt? It makes me wonder if both people were victims of abuse? I have never wanted to hurt a partner or make them feel any kind of pain....nor, have I ever liked being hurt.
I get that people go through all kinds of trauma with their parents and that this is acting out some of our deepest vunerabilites; yet, this doesn't feel like healthy sex. But, I guess if you can't get off any other way and both partners are consenting adults.....I am sort of suspicious that some of it, not all of it, is the product of the porn industry and some men/woman are confused about what their partner actually likes.
But, yeah, if the girl you were with doesn't like this sort of thing it's time to move on to a girl who does.wow each time i come into the office and talk with you i am so turned on and sooo shy.  dont know what to say but i sense you want me to say something.  so how bout here.  we kept stealing glances at each other yesterday while we waited for the doc. to come out and take me back.  then........omg when you took off your sweater mmmmmm even a beter look at your hot body.  your such a show off.  nice.  but then when he came out you quickly put your sweater back on. boo who.  i couldnt take my eyes off you and i think you know that.  caught you a few times glancing my way too.how bout a drink or that coffee you offered me.It was so good to see you and I hope you feel the same.
1. Chemistry
2. The eyes are the pathway to the soul, the smile is the trail to the heart..............so when you wink at my slyly with that sparkle in your eye we go back to number 1.
3. Happiness is defined and realized in many ways and many different situations and times...........and I am not really happy for a variety of reasons perhaps we could discuss at a future point.
4. I am serious and sometimes too heavy for most because hard feelings run deep............very deep for me...........
5. I used to be a swimmer and a lifeguard so I can still kind of hold my breath ..........???
6. Your comments concerning me are kind..........but it really only about the heart and soul...isn't it?When I am with a partner who I care about, physically injuring them is about the last thing I would want to do. I can get into spanking, lite whips, bondage, and similar things if my partner requests it and enjoys it. Anything that actually causes injury to my partner is not sexy to me though. I do understand the high you get from getting a little beat up as I have been training in the martial arts since age 7. They teach us not to injure our partners though, because if you hurt somebody badly enough to prevent them from returning to training the next day, you don't get to play with them anymore. 
Overly submissive women can be a pain in the ass. I suppose its great if your fetish is to 'do things' to somebody who will sit there for you as a prop, or if you like ordering somebody around. I am a little more spoiled than that. I am used to women whose will seduce me without needing to be asked, and if I make the slightest gesture then they already know how to have sex without being told how to do it. Its fucking nice, and I like that there is some degree of mutual surprise and interaction, as opposed to one person having all the control and no surprises and the other person being totally vulnerable but not responsible for any decisions. I like it when both me and my partner are aggressive, but neither one is domineering. A passive partner does not stir my aggressive energies. A partner who can challenge me does. Maybe she can be the one to slap me in the face instead, and if she is game then I can respond by capturing the arm and pinning her to the bed....but instead of hurting her once she lets go, I could kiss her neck instead and actually be nice to her.
If I am feeling a little sadistic that day, I can go train combat at the dojo or at least choose a more worthy and deserving opponent. You know, somebody who can defend themselves and/or deserves it. I keep sex and violence in two separate mental compartments. Both interest me for different reasons, but I have no desire to bodily injure the people I care for.
Emotions can be a different story though. I like to make my partner feel things. I have found that you can provoke the release of an order magnitude more energy and endorphins and serotonin from an emotional response than from a physical one. You can get addicted to that every bit as much as the other. Makeup sex is better than regular sex :) Even better if she is still a little mad and takes it out on me :) :)
Maybe you should join our fight club if you need to get your aggression out some other way.I do appreciate that you tried, but spanking and slapping just aren't enough for me. I would never expect you to "go along" with being treated so roughly and violently, or to pretend that you enjoy it. I know you don't. I'm looking for a woman who needs *true* pain and abuse, who needs to be hurt. Really, deeply hurt. I know that isn't you.
I hope you find what you're after, but I'm after something else.Okay here goes, December 11th we were on the shuttle from Sylvania campus to Rock Creek Campus, and you sat on the bench in front of me. I was wearing a black leather jacket and I have shortish red hair. When we got off the shuttle, you asked me where building 2 was and I walked you to it. You were there for your math final. If this sounds familiar, message me what I said I liked about you. I'd love to talk to you a little more.I just got home from your place a lil bit ago.. We always talk about deep stuff, have the greatest conversations.. Anyways we have a connection that I can't ignore. I try to most of the time but after the last couple days it's getting harder. I hate the situation I'm in, how it holds me back from being happy. I wish you were happier too and could get what you want out of life. I wonder if a part of you feels the same way I do about you. You're so fucking awesome. You and your crazy dog. I kinda want you to see this but I know you won't... I know you're on craigslist sometimes because you showed me an ad you posted the other day... Maybe you'll see this and figure it out and be totally weirded out. Maybe you won't. That's just the fuckin way she goes.we met at third eye blind tonight. you said your name was rachel. you might be from seattle?  we are probably soul mates. feel free to disagree. life is like that, you know <3You told me you check these every day. 
You are the queer that makes my life complete. 
I love you more every day. 
Now why aren't you in our bed?... if I told you how badly I miss you? Would you even want to hear it?
What if I let you know how much I miss our coffee dates? The jokes, the stories, and your beautiful smile! Would you be surprised to hear that I miss those hours spent getting to know you about as much as I miss anything from that city? 
Honestly, I don't think you'd be all that taken aback. I suspect you've already picked up on my feelings for you, even if the words have yet to leave my mouth. But maybe one of these days I'll get the chance to finally say all of this to you in person. Perhaps one day I'll be able to lay all my cards on the table and see if these feelings I have are as unrequited as I think they are.
Or maybe I should just stick to the weather.What's up guys. Just looking to mess around with another dude on the dl. 5'10" 155 hung. Hit me up with a pic if you're downTill Tuesdat and Zen hunter
... I don't have a clue about what you think we've talked about... why good luck to me? Naighbors their kids? What are you people talking about? Im not the one!!!!!!"""You've been working at the Hawthorne Fred Meyer for a couple years. You have a tattoo on your (right?) arm. I just wanted to say you're super foxy!Touchs of Amber , my dreams center around her , red and green ,love never known before ,now years have passed and I want so much to know again , to hold again , to love again , with too much between , the years go faster and and time shortens our lives.You're a younger guy usually with a few others and I'm usually alone. I guess it's cool you keep checking me out and even seem to search me out if I'm somewhere else. It's true I'm impressed with your workout too.  If you're ever there alone and want a workout partner hmu.  I think I could hold my own with you.  We have been checking on our workout progress maybe a couple months now.  I usually wear sweats but had shorts on tonight.  You seem like a very considerate and friendly guy.  Thanks.So i, work at a shop, behind a pancake
Shop, and you remembered my last name
.......,its a pawn shop and i think your hot
........Bartender!!!! Come down here!  You are soooooo hot! Blonde with ice blue eyes! Me= ugly and horny. ;)Delicious ice cream on a cold winter night is always a treat, but the last few times I've been it's been even more enjoyable than usual.  I've had the chance for you to serve me; and I've enjoyed our friendly banter and the brief chance we've had to chat.  It certainly seems like we might have a lot in common, and while we exchanged glances first, and then names and handshakes second; I feel like I missed the chance to exchange numbers with you third.  Maybe the next time I grab some tasty treats, I won't miss my chance fourth?  
Our names start with the same letter, but I'm fairly certain you'll remember me if you stumble across this.....We worked out at the same time tonight, never seen u at the gym before. 
U in sweets me in shorts both of us around 5/7 
Showered at the same time left at the same time.
Would really like to chat with u over dinner...
Love the chin by the way...You're  the biggest girl in the store. You often work the self checkout.  Soooooo sexy : ) I suppose you've guessed that I really like big girls. Contact me if this peaks your interest.It was nice to meet you.  Good luck with all your painting.
I'd like to continue our conversation over coffee or a drink sometime soon.  I hope you really do call me.  Seriously!
D.If we are talking about the same girl, her father moved to Oregon after the wife had an affair. Pretty sad. I worked with her father, the mother is a piece if work. 
 last I heard her dad was in oregon. Might check there.Is what that piece of trash said as he looked at me, following you around on your route downtown this evening. Looked like you were having a fun first day. I followed you guys down the block when no one else noticed, or wanted to notice, js.It was in the range of 6:45-6:55 tonight. We shot each other glances as we crossed paths in the frozen aisle. You had dark hair, rosy cheeks, a green coat, faded black jeans, and a backpack. You were beautiful.Anyone know what happened to that that whore Dakota? Have not seen her in ages, hopefully she is gone far away and took here drama and bullshit with her!hey, noticed you do a double take today, as did i as we crossed paths on bikes in se. never do this, just thought i would say hey. somewhere around 1 or 2pmAfter the sister, I was his friend. I was a bum with many boyfriends. He didn't care about my dad. I stole things from him all the time. I shut the door too hard, I didn't know my strength. The gifts he gave me I would have to replace. When I had NOBODY, I had him. I didn't understand why he hated me.
I sat with him and cried. I woke up having nightmares all the time. He never asked about my tears. I told him about you, he NEVER cared.
Catwalking.The first home I purchased was a short sale on a floodplane. I couldn't afford insurance at the time but my plan was to invest quickly, then sell. I was working on a doctorate at the time and was usually in my office or alone at the college. I must have met him there. Either way, the flood in 1994 took everything. My belongings. My furniture. Medical files of clients I worked extremely hard to protect. Case studies and research I conducted on their behalf. Documents, tons and tons of documents- irreplaceable. No duplicates. :( Thank god my interview with FRSTEAM went well. They showed  me how to treat textiles and restore things like furniture- in the event of fires or floods. Now, I help myself AND get paid! I did my part, thank you Tom :) .Hoping you come back up to stay with your parents during the holidays.  Didn't realize how much I miss seeing you during the days I got home early from work and you were prancing around in your little spandex pants.  Never had the balls to make a move on you since you are attached, but hoping you might see this and know I have a big crush on you.  Since you moved to Portland the scenery isn't the same.  You popped by to pick a few things up from your parents house last month and seemed excited to see me as I was you.  
About you:
You know sign language
You have a new car
Your parents house is grey
If you see this hit me up with the name of your dog.
Ryan or "chief" as you used to call meA lot has changed since Highschool when we were friends. We talked almost every day. In the yard we we smoked the ninez. You were dating my best friend and I had somebody, too. I liked you, it was me who said stick around. YOU liked Cyndi Lauper. I was into dreads. We knew our place, we were perfect. When you dumped her, I pretended I was really sad. I was NOT.
"I hate seeing you cry. I know you try not to. Its temporary, tell me your going to be home soon."
I know it hurt you to see me like that. Especially in my jammiez. It hurt me too. I left quickly, I never said bye. I read books. I prayed a lot. I changed my mind, I joined you. I don't regret that./-@&9)?&@.$? 7&$,7$.!!,!&$(@@8:;$$7ufhfsbopgfbhfdbcx345! 
Hfb
Jjnn
Lujpgwun j hfj.He complimented my teeth. Not my smile. Twice, I wanted kids. Twice, I tripped and fell.  On the floor, in the bathtub, outside in the grass. He was there. Helping me up, rinsing me off, waking me up. I really enjoyed the nights he let me soak my hair in the toilet. He couldn't afford a hair thingy i guess... Im a little rough around the edges. Yes, I know. At first it hurt to laugh. I did. I still do... I heard about 211, how the hey was I supposed to know.I was 18 and he married me. People said I was pretty, not my heart. I relied heavily on my looks; I had no respect. I couldn't read, I couldn't write. I never thought I would need it until I got dumped. Probably cause I cheat my way through everything these days...... wow.  
     you are 5'3" or shorter, you have beautiful smile and attitude , you are a little thick and i like that , I thought your name was jenifer-- but i think i am wrong , i am terrible with names , 
     I told you that nice guys finish last , and you replied "not with me they dont". I really liked that , as i am just a nice guy at heart and dream of finding that one girl/lady who would love to be treated "right". 
     I hope i didnt lose you for good , please respondIve been coming to this site for many years. It's part of my routine. Wake up, cup of coffee, paper in hand: the classifieds. Im a hopeless romantic [sigh]. Lately i've noticed a few things. My face is glued to the computer. I never pay attention to my dog, he keeps barking. My kids are hungry, I don't care. I read these posts and can relate... I know I'm going to have to weed out spammers, so be patient.Can SOMEONE here please tell me what the hell is a pork pantry?! We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!ive been quite the little jogger lately. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!you where at a table alone and listening to music on your phone, you where wearing a grey camo long sleeve shirt and grey shorts. i couldnt help but stair at you the whole time. your extremely handsome and i hope you will see this and possibly would like to meet up for a drink...
xoxoxoxYoull probably never read this But damb I wish we could discreetly hookup sometime. U bought the black label simmons.on saturday.....Hands Down I'm Too Proud For Love. But With Eyes Shut It's You 
I'm Thinking Of. But How We Move From A To B. It Can't Be Up To Me. Cause I Don't Know. But Eye To Eye Thigh To Thigh I Let Go. I think I'm a little bit a little bit a little bit in love for you But only if you are a little bit little bit little bit in la la la love for me ooh oh oh And For You I Keep My Legs Apart And Forget About My Tainted Heart. and I Will Never Ever Ever Be The First To Say It But Still I Say It You Know ah ah ah I Will Do It. Push a button. Pull a trigger. Climb a mountain. Jump off a cliff. Cuz You qKnow Baby i love you a little bit If you would do it You would say it You would mean it We could do it If it was You and I and it would only happen. I th Oh Come here Stay with me Stroke me by the hair Cuz I would give anything anything To have you as my man I think I'm a little bit a little bit a little bit in Love for You but only if You are a little bit little bit little bit on la la la love for me
FOR YOU MY LOVE I KNOW HOW I FEEL ABOUT YOU.. FOR J.B.C. always J. your Saphire xoxoI see you at my restaurant almost every Tuesday night. I wish I had more to say when I see you, but I'm shy. I'm also older and have baggage, so I get why you don't try. Say something tomorrow if you see this. I'm pretty sure you know who I am.I was driving north on 99, you were checking me out with your sister or something. Then when we got to the stop light you flipped me off. That was uncalled for.You have a male roommate who plays video games all the time causing you to have to watch him play because you only have that one tv.  I know you have a son and you work at Plaid Pantry as a part time job. You wear boots a LOT and i love them.  I see you most every day and i would LOVE to get together with you sometime outside of MY work.  You come in my workplace just about every day.  If you believe this is you...please put your first name and what you think is my first name in the subject of your reply...i work at a grocery store that you frequent all the time near your apartment.
Maybe we could get dinner together or something.  I really hope you see this...
hint:  you have a VERY difficult time finishing movies...because you either fall asleep during them or you just talk too much during them with your roommate to pay attention.  I helped you and your roommate unjam the movie machine once.You were stopped on your jog picking a station, then started rocking out! :)
I wanted to say hiYou two were fucking/sucking in the couples' area and invited me in around 8:00pm on Saturday, December 14th at the Oregon Theater.  I tried to fuck her, got stage fright so she sucked me off with a condom on.  
Would love to do that again sometime.....Hit me up?Info 4 a James D Rickman - w4m - 43  
Does anyone know this man or knew this man? He is around 45 to 50 maybe older about 5ft-7in +/-185lbs. Caucasian. Claims to be a computer software man? He is divorced! I need help in a back ground check. Confidential is well assured. 
  Location: Portland and surroundingI have seen you over the past several months at the gym. I mostly get to see you on the weekends and Monday mornings. I think you just got wise to me "noticing" you; caught me looking at you often :). Sorry, can't help it - you attract/distract me beyond what I expected.
You are tall, several inches over 6ft. Dark hair, beard, always wear baseball cap. 
It is difficult to concentrate when I see you come into the gym - wow! 
I think you smiled at me in the parking lot on Saturday, but I was too dazed to respond. 
I have little hope that the person this is intended for will see this posting, but I guess I am posting as a way to somehow make myself feel braver about my next opportunity to maybe say "Hi".C: Randomly chatted at length with you about various topics up at the bar at Barlow one evening during the middle of last week. We share a common place of origin in Southern California, which I thought was an interesting coincidence. I also thought you were nice and engaging to talk to as well as attractive, and wouldn't mind meeting up with you sometime for a beer or something. Interested?So Miss Bluebird in Longview- I would like to talk to you (later this evening) if that works for your schedule.  Lastnight would have been perfect as I simply couldn't sleep, at all.  Call me.  Nine-Seven-One Five-Zero-Six Three-Five-Six-Eight.I'm not hurting anyone and yet you make people and the ones being hurt beleave that I am... and that's hurting me..... so fuck you stupid fuck. What the fuck is your problem with me?...I know you don't have the guts to email me directly fucken douches bag.Do you ever have moments in time, where your attention refuses to be captivated? Those moments with your head on the pillow, quiet times, alone in your mind.   Do you ever think about the good things we had?  Do you ever wonder if we could have fixed our issues and worked to preserve our love?   Although, I try to stay distracted from such thoughts, it seems to be a daily bit of agony.  People tell me it will get better with time and I pray they are correct.    I guess we can never be together again.  I get this.  But it really feels like sadness will always find a way into the memories...and I cannot let go of those memories.   Yikes .....now my eyes are leaking....
I'm going to miss our early Christmas gift openings (because you just could not wait :).   The joyful and child-like smiles as you tear through the wrappings.   
I don't think you will see this....but I needed to say how I feel.looking for my buddy Kevin........he lives in Beaverton and is my AS IS Store  buddy.Im in Mesa now and hoping  to at least hear from him. Miss you Kevers.........Mary & TerryI'm the young guy you met through casual encounters...
Then months (maybe a year) later we saw one another in a theater and I wrote a missed connection.
I went overseas recently but came back and my mind was reeling a bit thinking about what you might be up to.
Care to meet again?I've seen you twice as i pass by on my way home from work.  Both times we've done a double take checking each other out.  It's been a couple weeks since i've seen you as i pass on my motorcycle but wanted you to know it's something i look forward to on my way home.  The possibility of seeing you looking so sexy as i ride by.    Maybe i'll get a chance to glimpse your beauty again.  I sure hope so.  Happy holidays!!!!!!     Oh this is around the brick building so you know its you.pretty sure like everything else u wont ever see this but i was happpy to see u again on saturday at the outlets in woodburn. U said u work there only on the weekends and u live in happy valley your married and have a baby :) We used to work together at a downtown portland hotel years back your a very attractive asian. hoping u see this and maybe we can have some coffee was in a rush when we talked hope i didnt seem rude to u anyway if by any chance u see this email meYour apartment is right infront of the garbage, and i always see you getting a ride in the morning from someone that drives a black kia with yellow plates. i see you all the time and actually talked to you once. i think your one of the most attractive guys ive ever seen around town and have been to nervous to just run up to you and ask you out lol..... i am really hoping you see this and i hope to hear from ya. would be nice to go for a drink or coffee and get to know my super sexy neighbor ;)I think you were driving a dark green geo metro, you kept looking and smiling. Youre a cutie, and I love that smile (:You were at my work. I entered the hallway you were walking down with your friend. You smiled and may have raised your eyebrows. I thought you were attractive. Tell me what you were looking at through the windows. You left shortly after that. I enjoyed watching you leave. ;)You were blonde, you were with a friend grabbing something out of your trunk but by the time I turned around you were gone :(
I didnt get to say hi, but im definately hot. We should chat sometimeI'd love to have a movie date tomorrow for this movie.  I keep hearing how good it is so I want to try and get a movie in this weekend.  
I'd really like to go to the Regal Fox Towers theater in downtown Portland.  If you're up for it then message me and lets make some plans. 
About me:
Black male
36 years old
6'2
225 
Feel free to message and tell me a little about you.  I'd also like to see who I'm talking to so a picture would be very appreciative. 
Thanks
TreyMet up this morning briefly. You- handsome man in a white car and blue button up work shirt. I followed you in and sucked you off.. Out of the norm for me, but would you want to meet up again? Let me know what color I was wearing or some other detail if you happen to see this, and are interested.You are a cashier at Target.  I was in the other day and we were talking about how embarrassing moms can be and stuff.  I had a beard and you were super cute.  I was there with one of my friends who was shopping for her boyfriends Christmas present.  Your name for mine.You got on in front of Goodwill. Jeans and a blue sweater with a small logo on front. You said something about Quarter deck. You talked to this other girl. She said you have 4 kids. You got off by dodge city.To the Dom that gave me a "treat", you are a hot fucker,really enjoy getting it on with you.Wish we could have a long ass session.If U write back tell me what the treat was,so I know it is you.To the young man behind the counter UR a cutie.Enjoy my food better looking at ya.Your right...I, we all, should allow the things your doing without saying anything. Because it's all about you, not the one's you are hurting, who have somehow become the evil ones.You came into the store where I work on NE Glisan on Saturday night.
   You told me you liked my name tag, which indirectly led to you telling me Your name.
 Tell me your hair color, so I know that it's really you.
You seem like a really chill guy and you're totally cute!  It would be fun to hang out sometime.You were wearing a suit and worked with the auction part of the gala Dec 15
I was cocktailing the event.
Would like to grab a drink sometime if you're available.Hi Erin, My phone broke and I couldn't get your number from it.  You told me you played your guitar and sang somewhere in Portland but I don't know where.  I'm in WA state right now and maybe someone will let you know.
JanieYou were a dashingly handsome fella hanging out with a group of guys outside the main entrance of the party under that tent...around 11pm or so. I think you were wearing plaid. 
I was with a group of girls all wearing adorable elf outfits singing and dancing for those outside. We must have smiled at each other 7-8 times and I thought we'd talk once we were inside the venue, but it got so packed and I didn't see you again. It's totally possible you were just smiling because there was a group of singing elves lol but if you're reading this and also felt disappointed we never spoke to each other - lets fix it :)Hi. You deleted your post before I could respond.
Please reply if you happen to have more details about me, or can recall at least a couple items in my grocery cart. 
If you are correct, I will reply with a copy of my receipt for that day...
..and perhaps we can meet.We worked out at same time. You have short hair and great legs. We made eye contact plenty and later waived as we left the parking lot. The car behind me made me turn before I could roll down my window. Reply back.What happened to our Plan B? One day it was there and the next day it was not an option. I was there, waiting.  I would wait have waited forever if I had known you would come....... I love you always and forever.Can you please offer any initials or the name of the person you are hoping so much to connect with?? Maybe they are trying hard to find you. They won't know its you unless you give some kind of clues or a name.....You and your friends were new to the club, but we all did naked yoga together anyway. I made the mistake of not getting your number. I really did mean it when I said I wanted to see you more often. This is a shot in the dark, but if you do see this, I'd love to get to know you a little better.Yes I know you are straight, but I just wanted to pay you a compliment.  You are a very handsome man.  Thanks for helping me look for Iron Man.I do love a secure woman .......If you're as comfortable with raw honesty in an intimate relationship our minds would enjoy one another immensely ........That beautiful body you live in is just the Icing .......... Send me an Email we can peer into one another's heads :))
You told me I should hang out with you .......I'd like that :))Miss you more....
Your Posting Description is quite short. We do not charge per word -- please elaborate!Me and my friend came tonight in around 930 or so and ordered a couple of burgers and no drinks. He had a beard and me a dark stocking cap. I just wanted to say that you had such great vibe about you. Was there a little mutual interest?Every time I come in your smile captivates me, it is so perfect. Today I finally thought it was gonna be just you and me and we could talk, not be all business, but someone ALWAYS comes around. Anyway, I love your smile, but I am expecting to move to Seattle soon, so I guess if I did get to talk to you, it would be a tease...guess not this lifetime, but damn, what a smileI miss you every second I am not with you. I'm going back to Cali Wednesday if I don't hear from you. I'm at Motel 6. Room 108
I need youI used to get coffee from you when you worked at coffee plant downtown. You had a sweet grace about you and a humble charm that always made me want to spend more time with you.
Alas, at the time you were taken and I was too, I'd see you out at restaurants and secretely wish that a bell would go off, everyone would stand up and we would be partnered for the evening through some ethereal stroke of fate.
I've seen you around NE a couple times recently, but never with your guy...I wish I'd have just walked up and talked to you, but I was in a hurry and didn't register that your gaze may have contained a hint of invitation.
This is certainly a long shot, however if you've read this far and feel you would like to have dinner with me, let me know which pizza place we chatted at this summer...
And to all you star-crossed lovers out there, sieze the moment - you'll never know if they're feeling the same way if you simply let thembpass because you're locked in your own little world...U looked really good pushing that cart, I thought of asking u to go first but didn't have the time and missed the chance too talk..In the jacuzzi around 3 p.m. on Saturday, I realized that I knew you while enjoying the warm circulation of water. I suspect you knew who I was as well.  Though I always thought you were cute, I was treated to a better look.   Such a beautiful body that matches that adorable face.
I enjoyed the brief solo show you performed while sitting on the edge of the jacuzzi.  I only wish I had the nerve to say something or to reach out.
I'll be looking for you again and would enjoy hearing from you as well.  Confidential and with total discretion.I came in with a couple friends today and you helped me. You're a handsome guy! If you do see this, what did i buy? Who was i with?Anyone lose some keys to a KIA vehicle at the Local Lounge?  They were left in my car and I dont know who they belong toFor the Layman's. It means a lot. It wouldn't matter if I fought, knocked your door down or rifled off ever chivalrous thing in the book, you are beyond my grasp. You aren't aware of where you are right now but it's a miserable place you so hated and told me all about 4 years ago. You were aware then but you can't break free now.I Haven't lied about anything.  You will never be replaced and that one hurts but I am a man. Nothing more to really say.Yesterday. So was I. We talked. I got distracted (happens now days). I walked away. Now I wonder why I did. You were nice. Who were you?Through no fault of my own, I am not able to provide my daughter the Christmas she deserves. Yes, a the person who swindled my money from me is the very definition of a ghetto rat.We talked last night on okmeet and you left before I could get ur info. All I know is that you are in the Portland area. Hoping u see this...Saturday night, you were with some friends on the dance floor at CC Slaughter.  A bit after midnight, you took off your sport shirt, leaving just your white undershirt/T-shirt and jeans.  You are hot!Saturday night, you were with some friends on the dance floor at CC Slaughter.  A bit after midnight, you took off your sport shirt, leaving just your white undershirt/T-shirt and jeans.  You are hot!So you were in line in front if my daughter and I at the dollar tree. You were very sweet and playful when my daughter called you a wacko. The only wacko there was me. I should have be bold and ask your name or even your number. You drove away in a Wolfers truck and waved. All day I have been kicking myself for not doing more. I even looked up the company website. Lol. You have sexy grey hair, amazing eyes and a great smile.First of all I am not the OP; however, it did occur to me while reading your response that occasionally I'll read a post myself and say 'hey, person of interest that happens to always be on my mind when I scan missed connections, why are you doing this I literally do not get it???' then I have a moment of clarity (or to be precise a moment of insanity passes) and I realize the post is not for me!!!  Perhaps you should do the same to save yourself some headache?? Just sayin'Finals are over and I've been so busy that I haven't gotten laid in what seems like months! It's important to keep it simple with this, but I'm not opposed to this being a more than one time thing. 
I'm a non-creepy, 6'1", 180 lbs cut SWM. DDF and you should be too. How about it? Can host/travel to you open to race/age. Respond with a pic and you'll receive others from me.I know this is a long shot in the dark, but I just got back from Solid Rock church in Beaverton and couldn't take my eyes off you the whole time. I got the feeling that you might have been interested in me too. So I thought I'd take the shot just in case. I was towards the back in the center..I was in a black jacket, tall...short hair.....send me a pic so I know it's you and tell me more about yourself!! I hope to hear from you!He doesn't want you!
If he did, he would be with you!
It's time to move on my dearThere are about 237 reasons why I shouldn't be writing this, but I can't stop thinking about you. We made small talk, but there was something about your smile, the light in your eyes, your laugh...something that had me thinking about you the rest of the day. I was pretty scruffy so probably not much to look at, but we talked (briefly) about our kids, and then I went on my way. If I knew you had thought about me even 1/10th as much as I thought about you (and in fact as much as I'm *still* thinking about you), I'd be pretty damn happy.Really nice chatting with you B. I now wish I gave you my card but I was under the charm of your golden flakes...Although you were having a very rough night with sister and the kids, I still enjoyed our conversation, your personality and want to see you again.  Yes it was surprising we were neighbors near Evergreen High.
Tell me what fast food your sister bought at Chinook Winds and then let's talk more. :)YOU: nice looking average guy in winter vest grocery shopping alone in smaller store aways out from portland area. 
ME: you asked where the tomato juice was. we passed a few times and made eye contact. black sweatshirt, on duty. 
let me know the town, or store we ran into each other at if interested, include a face pic so i know its not a scam.If you knew he had a girlfriend, why did you get involved. You can't trust a man when he says it's over. I feel bad for you. As being in the same position I have learned my lesson.You: blonde with black dress, fancy black leggings, and a Taylor Swift look.
There's a great story here.
I spent the eve. dancing with a short, older black lady.  She invited  me to share a table, then kept asking me to dance.  How could I say no?? :)  Funny thing was, she told me she was a "Psychic" and could "read" me.  She then pointed YOU out, and said "that's her, She's the one you'll want to dance with"... and again... how could I say "no"?  
We danced once.  I was so taken with your energy, I couldn't find words... and that doesn't happen often.
  You walked out with two guys... to a party bus.  Lucky them!
I doubt you'll see this, or even care if you do.  But hey, the psychic seemed quite positive about this.I want to catch up on all that has happened in his life since NPF and the job right after that one. He should be in his mid to late 50's, probably still a youthful looking man and hopefully still a RadioHEAD. Tell him to look here and let's have a good long bull session.we were both up late.. we met in the chatroom of that herpes dating site clubhpdx.com 
we talked about dexter and walking dead.. i thought we had a fun conversation..
it's been a few days, and you never logged back in.. if you're still down for hanging out sometime,
hit me up... just so i know it's you... what was my favorite movie??YOU CHEATED.  YOU LIED TO ME AND YOUR GIRLFRIEND WHO YOU TOLD ME YOU BROKE UP WITH.  YOU MADE ME A PAWN TO YOUR GAME WITH NO CONSIDERATION TO HOW I MIGHT FEEL.  YOU ONLY CARE ABOUT YOURSELF.  YOU ARE SELFISH.  YOU NEVER CARED ABOUT ME.
I HATE YOU.  I also love you.Would you people just fucking STOP?
Number one, little girl, you are feeding unfortunate stereotypes and garbage by using that moniker in the first place. I get a sick feeling every time I see that STUPID thread name appear again. Enlighten yourself, and drop the stereotype.
And both of you - BORING.
Stop jacking off at length here.
It's not even good relationship porn.
Seriously. 
PLEASE please please please PLEASE!!!!!!!!! take it private.
Oh puh-leeeez!Hello!!! I a great looking vers tgirl with hot boobs, nice ass And cock, i looking for a hot GENEROUS guy to play tonight, answer with you pics please!!!!You know what's better than airing your dirty laundry on craigslist?
Actually fucking talking to her in private. If you care about her, you'll stop publicly humiliating her.
The only goal you've achieved is looking like a complete jerk and a coward.to the girl that makes my heart stutter
radiant slinger
of merch old and cool, nothing
as priceless as you
spin pale skin moon, smiles
stare the sun down
turn puddles to wavesWe made eye contact while you were getting gas today. Think you are really cute. You were in a white sedan and glanced at me a couple times. If you see this then tell me the color of my car i drive. I hope you see this.I'm locked out if my email. I have been looking for you. I hope we can reconnect.You had shorter dark hair. I thought you were hot. I'm taken, I think you are taken too. DL? Tell me where we were when I saw you so I know its you."If you have to speculate if someone loves you and wants to be with you, chances are they don't. It's not that complicated. Don't waste moments waiting and wondering. Don't throw away your time dreaming of someone that doesn't want you. No one is that amazing, certainly not the one who would pass you up." ~ Donna Lynn HopeI am younger than you, and've lost a lot this year for someone as young as myself. After being in a relationship for so long, and having to take care of someone who was slowly dying, I have forgotten how to take care of myself - and while I focused on someone I knew as 'more important' at the time, I am not what you need right now - and - that you aren't what I need. I see that now. I am learning how to take care of myself and that will take time, but, it took falling in love with you to figure it all out. I wasn't looking, or trying - or for that matter, ready. You have touched me where I didn't expect to have been touched until I was healed. You helped heal me. I don't trust men, and boys - well - boys will be boys, but you and I - a memory I will hold on to for the rest of my life - you and I could have been something special in another life. 
I know you occasionally read CL, and that you might come across this post and know that it's me. Nothing I am saying you don't know. Just plenty now that I have to accept. This is where we part paths. I lost my dad the first week after Christmas '09, and now you have the chance to help yours make it through. I lost my lover in March '13, you were a blessing that would not have happened without his passing. So we part now, mr. You to another state, another path - and me, back on the path I walk now, alone. 6/13/13.
Merry Christmas, and thank you for lighting up my life, and sealing up the cracks in my heart. I love you.Giving this a shot.....  Today, Sunday, around 10:30 am.  First watched each other through window, you invited me over and then ended up in my booth.    Had a very hot time, appears we're both in similar situations,  would really like to connect again.  Describe yourself and what we did.I hope (I hope) she lights that candle
I hope (I hope) she shows me everything and all that light can bring
Her skin (her skin), it begs my worship
Like a mad temple crowd
I crush her, she goes down
We melt up from the ground?
Up to better times, sweet release, take me now, take me now
Up to better times, sweet release, take me now, take me now, yeah
Doubt (doubt), get right behind me
You're a cloud, just a blemish on the sun
And there's better times to come
Our love, this cloak and dagger
This silent will to brighten everything
And find the road that leads?
Up to better times, sweet release, take me now, take me now
Up to better times, sweet release, take me now, take me now, yeah,
oh
Oh, and if we die tonight, take our leave from this plastic place
Become the dove, just fly away?
Up to better times, sweet release, take me now, take me now
Come on baby up to your better times
Your sweet release, take me now, take me now, oh
Oohh oooh
Oh.
She ain't you and it pisses me off. It's an irritation that digs at my gut when I think about. Nobody could ever be you. I'll give the benefit of the doubt but finding another you is not a very cool endeavor. You are unique, no doubt."When in doubt, make a fool of yourself. There is a microscopically thin line between being brilliantly creative and acting like the most gigantic idiot on the face of the earth. So what the hell. . . Leap."You are the incredibly cute tall teller at Chase.  You always have a great smile for everyone but am I wrong that there is an extra twinkle in your eye when we meet?  We've chatted a few times about my job.  If you know who this is and interested in some fun let me know and what is unique about my job.This is a long shot, but I ended up at Fantasy Video late Friday night/early Saturday morning.  You came into my booth and we messed around a bit.  You're a bigger guy, dark, probably early 50s and hot.  You said you wanted to get together again and told me your name.  At one point your buddy came in and just kind of watched.  Anyway, if you see this, hit me back and either tell me the name you gave me or mine.In the hopes that it would make it seem even more so like we were in some form relationship. You ditched me and hurt me... To say closure has been achieved would be a false statement, I still feel dumb feelings over you, but its slowly coming to an end. Sadly enough though I would give you another chance, but you wouldn't do the same for me, would you?I have no problem with alternative lifestyles. In fact I am practicing one right now, but in a monogamous context. Poly is not for me personally. I get jealous. I dont like feeling like I have to compete with others for time that is already limited. I dont like casual dating, even in a monogamous context.....especially in a monogamous context. I like having a partner in life who is solid and there for me when I need them, who does not have to divide up their time and loyalty among various primary and secondary lovers. I like the intimacy of living together and cooperating, and you dont get that living alone and having a slew of people stopping by to spend the night. If other people like that I have no problem with it, but I have expirimented with it and I know that it is not what makes me happiest. Maybe if somebody was bi and there was a 'perfect triangle' or somehow everyone was able to live and coexist TOGETHER as an extended family that was responsible about stds....maybe I could see that working, but I can get what I need from a single lover and many platonic friends. I dont need to keep myself single and without a true partner just to expose myself to lots of promiscuous people for sex....even if some are friends, that may be some form of 'relationship' kind-of, but it is not the same as having a 'partner'. True partners can be swingers or even be a group, but you dont see that so much in the city here. What you see is people fucking whoever they want on random drugs and calling it enlightenment. 
I dont regret losing the possibility of spending the night with my ex occassionally. I really dont care, at all. If that is all I wanted then there are a lot of gorgeous women who already like me who are not monogamous. I wouldn't have time to see them all in a month. Next thing you know somebody has a more serious STD that gets around....and if you get some of the lesser skin conditions then you are at risk of getting HIV even with a condom. That kind of poly-fuckery is not for me personally. Maybe a triad or small group living together could be healthy in some contexts, but what most of Portland calls 'poly' is living the singles life and fucking around and calling that 'relationship'. Being online friends in addition to fucking in an open relationship is still just fwb. That is not like building a home or a family with somebody.....it is less than that.
If that is what I missed out on, you can have it. I dont want that in my life. Even if the sex had been amazing, that lifestyle would leave me horribly depressed. If it works for others thats great, but I know it is not what I am looking for.To the beautiful lady who runs the lake.....you are doing everything right. You make it worth the effort.tattoos, handsome, brown eyes, you know who you are :)
I dreamt about you last night and can't shake you off today. I'm married but separated at the moment. I think the same may be true for you. I've known you for a very long time yet recently, in the past year or two, I have felt closer to you.  Given our circumstances, it would be quite embarrassing if you weren't in the least bit attracted/interested in me. If you are, holler. Give me a few hints though.Looking for Kelly E. That was the first letter of your last name then, You lived in Rockwood, mid to late 90's, I think with your grandfather, and we dated a little while. I think about you often and would love to just catch up. If you think this is you a few simple questions could clear it up!! 
Hope to hear from you again someday!Long shot here.
we made eye contact, i was in a red suburban.
12/14/13 around 10 a.m.
not sure if you were checking me out or laughing at me. LOL!
if ur interested get back to me, let me know which directions we were going.You were a very tall drink of water and looked to be shopping with a girlfriend of yours. We made eye contact that seemed palpable, but I couldn't see if you had any hardware (READ: wedding ring). 
Hoping against hope you see this...can't get you out of my head. Write me and let me know what you were wearing.PLEASE HELP - Have you seen this person?
Name: Adrien Chase
Age: 35
Height: 5' 6"?
Adrien hasn't been heard from or seen since his birthday, Thursday, Dec 5 after returning from Portland to Oregon City, where he lives. He currently has shorter hair and clean shaven like in the first picture, but in the past has worn long, curly/wavy hair and dark beard.
There's a formal missing person report and posters all over Oregon City looking for him.
If you have any information at all, please call 911.We talked briefly during and again after class.  I think you are super attractive, and would love to hear your story. I have not been able to quell my curiosity, so please contact me.No, its deliberate. After all the talking and reaching out, knowing the effects of their action - they have nothing less than evil intent. I know this now. Better late than never.Hey Amanda,
I still have your belongings.. Please contact me asap or they will be dispersed..
we discussed this at Fred Meyer.  Please reply with what color your suitcases are in title..The answer is Bluebirds. ..........................................................................................................Thank you for the reply.  I don't believe that your post, though, is for me.  Tell me what your favorite bird is and then I'll know.Hey man. You were I a blue t shirt.  We exchanged glances at OAK then again in the tunnel to the garage at PDX.  I'm a good guy and really want to meet you.  Hope you see this and hit me up.We cross paths nearly daily: you stepping off the wes and heading to the ready-to-depart 20, wearing a plaid coat, glasses, gorgeous smile - often with a book in hand. Me, waiting for the crowd to disperse so I can board the WES, black coat, bearded, shorts, matching smile and often a book in hand.
Let's take our lingering smiles, shy eye contact and ogling to a warmer locale, somewhere where we are not whisked past each other by the morning commute.You tried on a baby-doll and looked directly at me, we both smiled at each other and then made some conversation from across the store. I wanted to talk to you more but didn't think it was appropriate at the time. If you read this write to me.and used me.  Don't expect me to ever accept that you're with him and be nice about it.  Part of karma and justice is seeing people like me around who know what a user that you can be and aren't kind to you as a result.  You're not the first to try to get around that.  Until I see you and him around, this is the last time I waste my precious life thinking about you.  Now I'm going to forget that you exist.Hey There...
You are a sales associate at Nordstrom's Rack working in the men's section Saturday night around 9pm -- a little older with a touch of grey.  I was the guy who bought several pair of happy feet socks for stocking stuffers.  
Any interest in getting a coffee sometime?You wandered past my pool game and grinned at me. I puzzled over a way to chat with you around your friends at the corner table. We exchanged waves as you left. Me: pale, with pale purple shirt. You:  dark hair, cotton skirt, adorable.
Second change to buy you a drink?I realized you turned 50 this year and I know still as beautiful! I didn't forget, but wondered how to wish you the happiness you deserved. I hope and pray you are happy and well!
B.Stunning black hair lady with short black bangs. I'm sorry if a was staring I tried my hardest not to. You had a fur collared coat. I couldn't figure out why you sat alone most of the night. You have the most beautiful smile.Thank you D for my haircut. I really had no idea what to do with this hair of mine but you were really helpful and really sweet. I plan on coming back next time. Maybe we can grab some coffee or something?This scenario in particular is very common. I'm sure they had their reasons, but the goal perhaps wasn't to hurt you. Coping mechanisms are different in each being. Perhaps he/she didn't want to get hurt by you? Remember communication helps! If you're hurt and love them just let it be known! They might' feel similar. "Time's a -wastin"!! Time is a valuable' tool but use it wisely. He/she could be your "-mid-rockin'" present/future or sadly' your past. Best o' luck!
----------------------------------
----------------------
--------------------------
You wrote-
You achieved your goal
If pushing me away and hurting me so much that I exit your life was your goal, I want to be the first to congratulate you on a job well done. You have accomplished the desired outcome.You probably will never see this but I thought I'd take a shot. We've never really talked before but you're on my friend list, you posted several times about getting hurt and finding the right person. I think you're absolutely beautiful and deserve to be treated like a queen. I really wish I could somehow get you to see that I'm the person to do that.You came and joined our party game group, and I helped you get up to speed.  I couldn't help noticing your talking to me even when others were available to answer questions.  I found myself looking for reasons to give you helpful advice just to see that smile directed my way.  I was sorry when you had to go and would love to see you again.  Maybe without the other people we were talking with?  I doubt you will see this, but if you do, tell me what I said to ask you to join the game so I will know it is you.You gave me your number a while back and we've been chatting. I lost all of my contacts and really miss our conversations. I hope you see this so we can start where we left off. It was just gettin good. You probably are wondering what happened to me. I'm here, waiting.Blow it out your ass. Integrity is only half of it. Yes being nice is also part of it too. Better question what didn't you do?This moron just responded to a post called "Sunshiney" with a nasty threat. 
I am not who you think I am Mr. or Ms "R", and it's ill-advised to threaten anyone. My name is not James - I am a woman. And you are chickenshit to sign just an initial if you are indeed intending to fuck someone up for commenting about sunshine being blown up asses. 
Do not email me again. I have kept your email in case it's needed.
*********************
Inaymo Gago, you wrote:
-James. I am not going to ask you again. DO NOT START SOMETHING YOU CAN'T FINISH. I will hurt you do not take that lightly.
-R
***********
The original post said this:
 Sunshiney
Sunshine => ass.
Sure: g'head. I c'n use the freekin' giggles and you seem determined to do it!Seen u in there before. Check out your hot little ass!!!
yeah I sent it  "your hot little ass"!!! There it is!I will always feel the love we shared. I hope you keep the memories. Nothing can replace the good times together.  I love you always.We shared a drunken conversation and a sweet but short kiss before you left.. I know I'm younger, but I don't think it should affect liking each other.. You and your friend were leaving and got picked up in a silver car while I was waiting for a cab.. Just hoped I might run into you again.. ;)Because the choice was made for us long ago.
Because my need for you surpassed anything I had ever felt. 
Because you tried to deny the feelings between us and your excuses just did not work. 
Because we were able to get passed the bad and back to the "good" Everytime but the last time.  
Because knowing that we will never see each other again does not  change the facts. I belong to you and you belong to me. Our souls and minds are bound together. 
Because when you least expect it, your love and your wanting me will wash over you and drown you with an ache you didn't think your heart was capable of. 
Because. We loved."They say every atom in our bodies was once a part of a star. Maybe I'm not leaving, maybe I'm going home."
-Vincent Freeman
This is for the man I love. With everything I ever am or will be. I love you and belong to only you. I miss you so much and hope one day I will be in your arms again.To the woman who responded ,why did you stop ,I'd be interested in knowing ,thanksIf pushing me away and hurting me so much that I exit your life was your goal, I want to be the first to congratulate you on a job well done. You have accomplished the desired outcome.So I'm not sure anyone ever actually checks the Craigslist "Missed Connections" - unless maybe the spark-of-interest was a wholly mutual thing for both parties involved, the post-er (in this case me) and the post-about-er (in this case you).
YOU were the lovely, neck-tattooed, predominantly blue-haired young woman in the first front-facing seat on the lefthand side of the number 4 bus heading from the NE over to the NW on Saturday evening, December 14, 2013, sitting there contentedly knitting away while the rest of us listened to our iPods (me) or texted or talked or... 
ME, I was the guy who couldn't help staring at you, sitting a couple of seats back on the other side of the bus; the guy with the orange-and-black scarf, the salt-and-pepper hair, the (sometimes described by others as) "architect" glasses.
I probably should've moved closer and talked to you; asked what it was you were knitting, and for whom. But, hell, I never want to bother anyone; it just feels so schmoozy. Our eyes did meet a couple of times, though, and... Well, if you're reading this then it means you were interested enough to check Craigslist and see if maybe the "bus guy" wrote, in which case - lemme know.
(And, hey, if anyone else reading this knows a beautiful bus-riding blue-haired knitter, let her know I'm thinking about her - and maybe point her in the direction of this post. Thanks.)
-- T.We all have messed up at one time or another, but it's what you do to take responsibility and rectify the situation that makes you who you are.  It's not being nice; I think it's called having integrity.  If it's all the same to you I must know something; what in God's name did I do to you that was so unforgivable?  I've thought about it at length and I'm still at a loss.You were walking the same isle I was on - you passed behind me while I was sitting on a stool looking at a book shelf making notes on a subject I was doing research on. You started looking at books next to me. I moved over so you could look at more books. I sparked up conversation about the subject we were both looking at and after talking a second I made a couple recommendations - one recommendation was lame the other was good. 
I was trying to keep the conversation going but I looked like a bum sitting there in my sweats and six layers of clothes. I hadn't even shaved and I felt like I couldn't keep the conversation going. I had been doing research at libraries and powell's literally all day. I would really like to talk to you more.  
You were wearing tight Levi's and had gorgeous eyes and a breathtaking smile!
Please reply with the subject of the books we were both looking at and whether you think there might have been a connection between us. 
Hope to hear from you soon!You parked next to me, went to Starbucks and got a drink and came back. I should have gotten out of my car and said something! This is a shot in the dark, but if you get this tell me what kinda car I and you were in. Hope to hear from ya. :)discreet guy that can host and will give you a bj after bars close tonight. straight is a plus. be clean and send a pic with stats.Long shot here, but I was flying from Lax to Portland. You were the amazing flight attendant for Alaska airlines. I had some vodka tonics and was seated by the window. You were so good looking and caught my attention the whole flight... Hope I see you again sometime!Hi, I was in K-Mart on Friday the 13th and we almost ran into each other, and you said hi.  I'm the short strawberry blonde girl.  I saw you look back at me as I was looking back at you. We crossed paths again before I went to check out. I know that you wanted to talk to me, as I did you. I just felt this strong attraction to you and felt that you did as well. I am writing this in hopes that you just might happen to stumble across this and reply to me. I am very freakish and would like to get another chance to talk to you again. Muah!I often see you while walking to the store. You're usually on your computer naked on the second floor with your window blinds open. I must say I often fantasize about us locking eyes. If this is you - I'd love to chat!TR - I am hoping your initials and interest area in the title of this post catch your eyes enough to read this.  I don't want much from you really, not bdsm, not the way we used to be friends, not our incessant texting, or you staying at my house.  I am writing this because I feel so bad about what happened, I super miss you, and I wonder how you are doing...if you are okay.  I care about you far more than I should.  
I could never communicate with you or see you more than once a month because it would drive me nuts.  You can always trust that I will be there for you, that I would do whatever I could for you, that I would love you to the end of my life.  I unfortunately think about you more than I can help, it truly is a curse.  Please forgive me and trust that in my awkwardness and my unfiltered anger at you months and months ago, just trust that you know why I did what I did, and if you care one tiny bit, you would reach out for me knowing how much I love, miss and adore you.  Stop being stubborn.  You made mistakes and were disrespectful, so was I.
Let's go finish Saddle someday, you can chew me out on the way up.  :\So silly to think you might see this...but maybe, haha.
Anyway, I thought you were quite a cute fella trying on down jackets at REI this afternoon. I would've maybe said hi, but you were with some friends (and haha, I happened to be with my ma). I had a black jacket on if you noticed my quick smile your way. And then I happened to see you again driving out when you were stopped at the corner petting a little puppy. 
So on the off chance you see this message, maybe you would be into grabbing some coffee sometime?
Cheers and happy holidays mate.We shared a convo in line this morning talking about our dogs talking about our kids etc. Just wanted to say u are beautiful to me! U had on a Green Texas shirt and blue jeans......the older i get , the harder it is to say i am smart , there comes a time when i just have to say -after all the glaring mistakes and missteps --  that i am just dumb. some days i wonder how i made it across town , if i did. 
      i went through 15 years with one of the most evil people i have ever met before i realized that she was just taking advantage of my stupidity--- honestly , it took ten years of retrospect AFTER THE RELATIONSHIP ENDED before i realized that i was just her all day sucker.
     And i dont bring that up because i am bitter , it is just one of the many glaring mistakes , there are literally hundreds, 
       I am not fit to be in public , if you saw me in public , say , at the grocery store, you would look at me and think i was a normal , semi intelligent human , but if you got to know me as many have - you would come away with the same opinion that  they all have , "This guy is just not that bright" , 
       I used to wonder why i couldnt keep friends. i now know . it has taken a long time for me ,but i can see it now . i am dumb.
      I used to think i was very smart , i walked around with an air of superiority, thats how dumb i am . Now the realization just hurts and i cant even blame any one. 
     I honestly dont know what to do about it , i just took another of well over a hundred jobs --who has even had that many jobs. Honestly now it is creeping into the two hundred range... i am creeping up on having almost two hundred jobs that i have failed at . 
      When a figure like that sinks in ....wow. how far off is the home under the overpass?
  I feel so lost , sometimes hopeless, and sometimes just content to be blissfully stupid. After all , what can i do . no playing in traffic is not an option. i dont know .  guess i will just trudge thru another week and see what happens .We swapped blow jobs at All Adult on McLoughlin Blvd.
I said I wanted it again and to check Craigslist tomorrow.
Who came first? :DYou and I happened to be working at the same time. You did chest, I did shoulders. When I hit the sauna around 4pm, you were working up a sweat while wearing a towel only. I couldn't help to notice your ripped body. Another dude came in, and then we ended up showering across from each other. The view without a towel was even better. I only hope I look like you at your age. Hopefully you didn't catch me appreciating your hardcore bod but if you did and secretly enjoyed the attention, let me know. If love to grab coffee with you.
YOU: late 40's? Early 50's? Very fit, mostly smooth. Pumped chest. The photo is not you but it's the closest I could find similar to your build.
ME: 27, smooth, younger looking, and fit (not as good as you thou). I was wearing nike shorts.
Let me know of you see this.I was working near you in the fab today. You've got a good build, liked how you moved. Thinking about what you looked like under the bunny suit made the front of my suit tent out. Wish I could see the tool you're packing.I pulled up alongside you on the freeway. I glanced over and did a double take. You were stunning.  
You were driving a blue for door car. Didn't see the make. You have brown hair and were singing along with the music. 
Wish I could've gotten your attention...It was really early this morning going west from Beaverton transit. 
You were in a black coat, wearing cute glasses, long blonde hair with some color in it. God you were pretty. Really wanted to say something but you looked like you just wanted to get home from work or were not looking forward to going to work.  One of the two. 
Would love to talk.I was heading for the Rose Quarter last night and you were on the Max.  I saw you get on and you sat across from me.  I wish you'd sat next to me, I would've made you hard in your pants the way I was.  I had a huge bulge when I got up and walked by you.  Did you notice?Younger guy here.. kinda quieter, nice.. with a silly side/adventurous side..
I  love window shopping/grocery shopping because of all the sexy older women..
You ever caught a cute young guy checking you out??? Ever wondered if secret fun was possible?? maybe we can find out???
Never done this before, and in a relationship but not treated the greatest...
I'm 5'7 athletic/thin/muscles, cute face, 28 but look more like 22.. lol. Message if interested?? A discreet cuddle friend might be exciting =P
PIC for PIC??A few years ago I met You and your girlfriend at your house. We talked and then went to the bedroom where I watched the you roll around in bed. It was so hot and I'd love to do it again. You were both attractive and in your 40s. I was younger.Last night I was in group 8 that followed the star. As our group walked in, you gave me a nice, sparkly eyed smile and towards the end of the song, handed me a gold coin. You have quite the presence - wanna grab a coke or beer? Lets meet :)Looking for a stud to fuck my girlfriend while I watch. She is skinny, blonde, gorgeous and a freak. You must be hung, thick and very kinky. She loves it rough. 
Sorry, no black guys.I have a better chance of winning the lottery than you seeing this, but I'll just get it out.
You were my anesthesiologist for my colonoscopy.  I had to come in twice and you were a great big bear of a guy.  You had a wedding ring on, so there is even less of a chance of you seeing this, but if you ever did, I wanted you to know that someone thought you were a great looking guy and you took great care of me.  Way to go Dan.If I knew you better I would take care of your at for you, I guess I still could if it were to come to that. It probably won't tho. Seems that you are up for all sorts of fun stuff, and you should try everything. You surprised me by texting and helped me through a boring day, Thanks. Maybe we will have more fun, maybe we won't. It was worth having coffee anyway, you cleared away some drear.I don't get it.  I see the same women on Match and I see them at the gym.  When they are at the gym they are on their phone, or plugged in with their music.  Either one spells don't talk to me.  Why would they not make themselves more accessible?  If a person is on Match they are seriously looking.  Is the idea that once on a web site like Match all other options are off the table?  Perhaps the gym is not a good place to meet someone?Thank you for the full one you poured!  I wish I would have made it back.  I owe you a thank you.I am 6ft and 220
professional
looking for a very down to earth type of man
top man that is still very into affection and romance
kissing is a big plus with me
hairy men with facial hair are also 
I am looking for a LTR...not just a roll in the sheets..
I am mosty attracted to the more blue collar types of men...working class men....younger also if you are looking for a LTR also....My relationship is better then I ever thought possible with trust and respect and boundaries. My career is wonderful. Life is full of friends and laughter. Although l have grown enough to know not a single person can fulfill all. And I miss your cosmic perspective.
 It was always easier to connect to the universe through you and with that great change came about. Maybe it's served its purpose or maybe it was just the beginning of continuous growth for both as can happen with friends. Either way I couldn't continue knowing one my most pivotal relationships was a business deal. If you miss me then tell me.You were at the senior living center playing the piano on the 6th floor yesterday around 6. I sat a while waiting on the elevator and listened to you sing and play. You had a great voice and an even better smile.
I doubt you will read this but I thought you were very handsome.Hey panda express guy, you served me orange chicken and a cup of sweet and sour sauce. It was at portland airport.  you were cute, and flirting really hard. Thought u might check craigslist. Reply to this post :)If that was you in the car in front of my house from 1AM till 4AM Tuesady night, smoking meth and whatever else, playing techno and getting banged loudly, if that was you, stay away. The front of my house is NOT a safe haven for you to do drugs and get banged by your junkie buddies! REALLY?? SERIOUSLY? I ALSO appreciate your new found kindness in letting your junkie buddy urinate in the middle of the street after he banged you IN FRONT OF MY HOUSE! You know I don't sleep well and am up often during the night. You wanted me to see this. Who are you now? YOU WERE ONCE A PERSON I CARED FOR! The person I knew would never do this. Who are you now? WHO ARE YOU NOW?If you miss her so much why not try to contact it may be the same. More info please or how will they know your talking about them.are your initials B.A.S. I am not the previous poster but you sound so familiar.I'm sure you won't see this, amazing brunette with your parents perhaps seeing the Hobbit. You wore jeans and black jacket, super curvy body..beautiful...Just wanted to tell you I think you're great and very pretty to! I was nice chatting with you at the play last night! I'd love to meet you for coffee sometime.I don't expect you to see this but worth a shot. Friday night you showed up with a couple girls, You are very very handsome, dark features and great smile! you got up to karaoke and sang a song in spanish. So SEXY! Im on the DL but considered coming up to you and talking to you, regret not doing it. If you happen to see this message me with some sort of detail so I know its you.